{"text":"Not a great place for singles and adverturists! Ok...well, I choose this hotel based off of reviews that this hotel was fun and great and so on... and so on.... I took this trip by myself looking for a great week of rest, relaxation and a little bit of fun in between. Well, I definately got the rest and relaxation but I was missing a lot of the fun part. My room was beautiful with the most gorgeous marble\/glass bathroom with a big ol' sexy shower, his and her sinks and a tinyitty bitty toilet pushed up in a corner behind the bathroom door! lol!! Other then the compromised space of the toilet, the bathroom was great, the room was a decent size and the bed was hell-a comfy!!! I had a room on a high floor overlooking the ocean and resort and let's not forget the dirty old building of the second hotel tower right smack in the middle of your view. And its nothing nice to look at. Trust me. I don't know whose bright idea it was to build a new tower of the hotel over looking the old one with teases of oceanview on your right and left sides. I feel sorry for the people that were below me on lower floors because I'm sure they got to experience more of the second tower then I did as they were not high enough to over look most of the building. So anyway, I had a spa package guys. The spa was great! I received a wonderful sweedish massage, manicure, pedicure and facial. But beware people...They charge tax for spa services. Now eventhough the spa services were included in my hotel price, I was still charged around $65 in taxes for the three days I was there. Definately caught me off guard.Now as far as dining and entertainment is concerned, they have a great little bar located in the lobby. Drinks are pricey but where are they not pricey? They have $3 beers during Happy Hour so make sure you rack up. There's also a swim up bar outside at the pool where you can order burgers and finger foods which are pretty tasty. That's only if you need a quick snack. I did not eat at Morton's Steak House because of the reviews that I read about the prices and quality. So for the most part, I ate in old San Juan a couple of times, therefore, I can't comment too much on the food at the hotel. I did receive complimentary buffet breakfast at the main hotel restaurant (sorry, I forgot the name) which was pretty good. You get omlets to order and an erray of breakfast treats. The pool and beach area are very nice with tons of places to set up lounge chairs. The beach is man made (what's with these resorts with man made beaches?) But if you're looking for a hotel with the watersports and outdoor activities, then this is not the place for you!! There's no casino, no water sports, no activites, nothing!! It kind of sucked! There was really nothing special about this hotel except for the over-priced food (which was nothing to brag about either when I did get a chance to eat there) and the hell-a comfy bed. If you want good food you're gonna have to take a $20 cab ride to Old San Juan. Aguasvivas was great! And word to the wise...... If you're gonna take a trip to the Bacardi Factory, call them first to make sure they are open. I was told by one of the travel agents at the hotel that the Bacardi factory was open 7 days a week eventhough the hotel only offered its tour on Monday, Wednesday and Thursday but you can take a 20 minute ride out there yourself and get a tour. SO.... that's what I did. I hopped in a cab and went over to the Bacardi Distillery just to find out that the place was closed!!! I paid $50 for a cab ride to nowhere!!!! Also, don't be fooled by the little boutiques at the hotel. If you walk right down the street there is a little bodega that sells souveniers for half the price. I racked up on those!! Overall, the hotel was nothing exciting. The people were pleasant, they all spoke English but it was like being in New York City with a tropical feel. Everyone is Amercianized. I even met a cab driver that used to live 5 minutes from me in New Jersey! Ha!! Great people though. But this hotel gets 2 thumbs down for activities, entertainment and night life. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1893,"mention":"burgers","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hamburger"],"startOffset":1886}]}