{"text":"It Gets My Best Rating Trip Advisor reader comments is what convinced my wife  I to stay at THE CASTLE INN. I was skeptical of all of the great comments... thought they were too good to be true...but they were true. As soon as you walked out of the office after checking in, you just knew the hotel would live up to the reviews.IN A NUTSHELL, STAY HERE! It just doesn't get any better unless you want to drop a few hundred $ per night. We liked it so well, I am compelled to write this to help other first timers to San Francisco, as we were. My wife  both enjoyed everything...here are the highlights for you;HOTEL; clean, great value, on site parking so you can access your car easily, modest but sufficient breakfast...enough to get you out  on your way, clean sheets\/towels daily of good quality, cleaned the bathroom daily (cleaned it, not just wipe off the counter) hotel is small'ish which makes it easy to get around.WiFi worked perfectly, even at the last room on the end where we were.STAFF; you'll be hard pressed to find any staff at ANY hotel that will give you the attention and GENUINE service of these folks...period. Hosts(not front desk clerks) Marshall  Arlene are good folks that make you feel at home. In early converstions with TCI before booking, I was confused about the word hosts that was being used...not anymore! The girls that cleaned the rooms were very nice too (and good at their jobs)My compliments to Varsa (owner?) on having such a great staff of hospitable people in such a large city. (any city for that matter)NEIGHBORHOOD; Just like it sounds, it's a neighborhood, it's safe, actually friendly\/socialble, great variety of eateries. In this neighborhood, you felt as if you were part of the local rythems. We actually strolled the neighborhood one afternoon just to enjoy it. We came in late every evening, walking most of the time, without any problems. LOCATION; centrally located (meaning easy to drive to  from going any direction) great walking access to wharf, china town, 2 blocks to cable car, Lombard St., etc.SINCE YOU'VE READ THIS FAR, here's a tip for you...if you enjoy fine food in a small, but casual\/sophisticated atmosphere, visit a restaurant on the corner of Hyde  Green (4 blocks from TCI on the cable car line) named FRASCATI. We stumbled on to it walking back from the wharf one night...it was one of those little discoveries you make accidentally that you'll talk about everytime you remember your trip to San Francisco. Hope this has helped you...enjoy THE CASTLE INN and San Francisco...we loved it!! ","annotations":[]}