{"text":"Bravo, Brunelleschi! For years, my wife has wanted to go to Florence and stay at the Brunelleschi, so this year we made it, for a 5 day stay.Arriving at Pisa airport, you have the choice of a 75 min. journey by train or coach, but as the trains were neither convenient or frequent in October, we chose the coach. Mind, if you do the same, get to the head of the queue quickly, as once it's full, that's it - there'll be another one along in an hour! From the station in Florence we could see the Duomo, and knowing the Brunelleschi is adjacent, and looking at the rush-hour traffic, we decided we would walk. It only took us 20 mins - we are in our 60's - but the hotel in in a maze of small streets and, on reflection, perhaps a taxi would have been better. The entrance and reception are bright, pleasant places, and the lady on the desk patiently listened to my amateur Italian before replying in perfect English. After trawling through the usual agency websites, I had found the best deal to be on the hotel's own website, and had asked for a twin-bed non-smoking room on the top floor. And that's exactly what we got. Room 421 opens onto a small inner hallway and a spacious room overlooking a small inner courtyard - and looking straight at the Duomo and Campanile. We were impressed! The air-conditioned room also had built-in wardrobes, a minbar, a writing desk and a couple of chairs, and was clean and well-decorated. Across the small hallway, which contained another wardrobe with a safe, was a large fully-tiled bathroom with twin bowls, a WC, bidet, and bath\/shower. Everything worked perfectly.As we had arrived in the early evening we decided to eat in the hotel's restaurant. This was a mistake, and the meal, although OK, did not come up to the expectations raised by the surroundings. We subsequently noticed that neither the hotel's retaurant or bar attracted many patrons, probably because there are lots of small restaurants in the vicinty - there's an excellent family-run restaurant 'il Paiolo' just around the corner - and they can't beat the competition. However breakfast, included in the rate, was very good, with a great choice of cold and hot dishes, and plenty to eat whatever time we appeared, up to the 10.00 am. finish. Any hotel depends on its staff, and the staff at the Brunelleschi could not have been more accomodating. We never saw the chambermaids or cleaning staff, just the results of their work. The staff in the restaurant and on the desk were unfailingly efficient, pleasant, and helpful.Florence is a very compact city, and the Brunelleschi could not be more central, with none of the major sights more than a 20 min. walk away. However you do have to put up with the endless tour-groups, the trinket-sellers, and the beggars. None of this should stop you going there, and to the Brunelleschi. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. ","annotations":[]}