{"text":"Pretty Good But Could Be Better I recently attended a week-long conference at this Marriott and from previous reviews knew to ask for one of the remodeled rooms. I really recommend this because my colleagues' rooms were terribly shabby, but the new ones are very nicely appointed, if a bit on the small side. I also had a corner room which had a gorgeous view of the pool, beach and city (at an additional cost of course). I enjoyed my stay until day four when construction started around 8:00am in a room near mine. The noise was like a small jack hammer that could not be escaped, even with earplugs. I politely asked to move rooms but was told there were a lot of people coming in that day and to check back later in the day. The situation was handled very poorly and I am following up for partial credit on the room because they never moved me and construction started early the next morning. Besides this pretty major glitch, the rest of the experience was nice: pretty public areas, great pool and beach. One thing that you should note when reserving is that the price of the hotel does not include a $25 tax + $22 resort fee. We were part of a group so it was not clear whether this was to be expected but that seems like a significant addition on top of an already high room rate if you're not expecting it. The hotel is a $12. cab ride away from Old San Juan, which is postcard beautiful and has some really great restuarants. We enjoyed several including Baru which had great food (sit outside) and Amadeus, which had a great ambiance with live Spanish music and a great menu that includes excellent seafood. I also suggest starting off your night at the upstairs bar at El Convento (beautiful little hotel) and a post-dinner walk on Paseo de la Princesa. PR is beautiful and the people were extremely warm. It's impossible not to fall in love with this city. I will certainly return but hopefully to a much quieter room. One last note: our group was taken to the phosfourescent lagoon in Fajardo. Kayaking through a channel in a mangrove and coming into the lagoon's shimmering waters under a starry sky is an experience I'll never forget. ","annotations":[]}