{"text":"Disappointed honeymooners Of course we were estatic about our 1st trip to the Dominican, and it was our honeymoon to boot! And we made the best of everything and enjoyed ourselves despite the many problems we encountered. When we first arrived , we found that our room was right next to a constuction area...and I mean right next to. We contacted the front desk who said that there were no other oceanview rooms available that day, but they could move us in two days. They also assured us that we would not have any problem with noise. Both explanations were false. They never moved our room and we were plagued with hammering and drilling and sawing for the entire trip. The first day we arrived around 4pm...a time when all of the restaurants were closed until 6:30pm. We were starved and ended up having to order pizza to the room to hold us over until dinner. I enjoyed all the dinner meals we had but I was disappointed with all the other food. Since we aren't big drinkers, the drinks were fine but I only got a buzz from the wine at dinner. But the problem with the restaurants were the limited times they were open, and when one restuarant was open, another was closed. Their schedule was unpredictable. It was difficult scheduling activities that you wanted because though we tried to arrange everything our very 1st day, most events were already booked up for the stay. The available activities were ones you had to pay additional costs for. Even the horseback riding tour was only a half hour long, if you wanted more, you had to pay more. My biggest problems were that there were never any rafts for use, there were mosquitos everywhere and despite using repellant continuously (my legs are riddled with itchy bites), and the bed was like a slab of concrete. I complained about all of these things throughout the trip and received excuses, but no compensation. Lastly, everything supposedly included in the honeymoon package was a hoax...the fruit plate is 2 whole apples and a kiwi, the champagne bottle is not chilled, there are no rose petals or bathrobes, and the special dinner for two ends up being at the Mexican restaurant with a room full of other honeymooners for a disappointing meal where you can't even choose from a broad menu. I'll never go back to Secrets resort! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":821,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":816}]}