{"text":"Loved It! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Melia from 4\/40 through 5\/5 and had an absolutely amazing time. While the resort is not perfect I would highly recommend it to anyone. CHECK IN: Royal Service check in was smooth and simple. I would have liked a little more explanation about what the extra perks were from Royal Service. If I hadn't read the forums and reviews obsessively I wouldn't have known half of them.GROUNDS: As beautiful as everyone says. The diesel smell from the train and the mopeds was quite annoying and I can see how some people were really turned off by it. The Royal Service area is right by the main building and it was pretty easy to get a ride to the beach. I don't think I would have liked being in the main buildings that were close to the beach but required the train to get back to the restaurants.ROOM: Very nice. We did have mosquito issues - killing about 5 to 10 every day. Chalked that up to being in a tropical environment.FOOD: We ate at the Gabi Club every day for breakfast and lunch and always had great food. The dinner restaurants were the biggest disappointments of the whole trip. We ate at the Italian (horrible), Dominican (OK), Japanese (OK - my boyfriends chicken was horrible) and the Market Place buffet (liked). I didn't know the Gabi Club serves dinner (with lobster) and wished we tried eating dinner there.SERVICE: Except for one rude hostess everyone was incredible. We're big tippers and found some great bartenders who knew how to poor good drinks and stuck with them. We had to keep turning down more towels because we had so many. SHOWS: We saw a few and the performers were all very talented. We especially liked the Dominican show. Very entertaining.OVERALL: Again I would definitely recommend the Melia to anyone especially the Royal Service. I don't know if I would go back if I couldn't do that. This was my first all inclusive and I'm in love with the concept. Will definitely be returning to Punta Cana. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1294,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1290}]}