{"text":"Updated rooms but not much else I've stayed at literally hundreds of Marriotts and the rooms in this one were very nicely updated with new furniture, new bathroom with granite, and a fresh makeover. The location is great and close to stores and great eateries and a Starbucks literally across the street! You can also tell this is an up and coming area with very high end shops six to eight blocks away and lots of new development. It's also on the beach which is nice, and actually larger than many other hotel beaches on the island.The casino is decent size although pretty tight.It only receives 3 stars because of the following:pool - it looks huge from the picture but one of the pools is a kiddie pool, leaving only one for hundreds of guests. food - a disaster. We ate a brunch at the place downstairs and the food was so terrible I didn't eat --- and I always eat. Plus it was pricey. staff - not helpful or friendly. Had a double billing on an internet charge and the front desk acted like it was my fault and even talked about me in Spanish with a coworker in front of me apparently not knowing or caring I understand Spanish.lobby - none to speak of except the bar and many tables\/chairs set up for the dance floor which was very popular with locals. Interesting to watch, but not every night.kids - tons of them. If you want rest and relaxation, good luck. Maybe your timing will be better than ours but it was crawling with kids whose parents thought vacation meant letting my kids run around screaming and yelling at each other. Note --- the pool was a mini waterslide. Sitting in this are is hazardous to your health haha.Do yourself a favor and rent a car. See the island and go to the beaches. Beware of the cabs if you don't speak Spanish. Many tried to inflate the cost and di not use a meter. Make sure you know the cost from the hotel to hot spots like the mall or Old SanJuan and give them the money plus tip. Don't ask how much? You'll get a different answer for the same trip each time. ","annotations":[]}