{"text":"Terrible service, inconsistent food, all-in-all a horrible experience If you are looking for excellent service, great food, and management that is responsive to your needs, this is not the place for you. I heard some good things about Punta Cana and my TA highly recommended this resort. The nightmare started at check-in, while we were kept waiting over an hour just to register. It went downhill from there. The service was extremely spotty; while some of the workers were wonderful, the hotel management was extremely rude and arrogant. Do not expect to get reservations in any restaurants unless you tip one of the workers to make one for you. The kicker when when my husband broke his foot on the property, and management did absolutely nothing to help us or make our stay easier. In fact, they made him walk close to a mile, with a broken toe, to Medical Services. The management never provided the ride they promised, and any worker in a golf cart he tried to flag down wouldn't give him a ride because he had a wrong color bracelet on. Meanwhile, this man is in excruciating pain. What kind of people are these?????The food was good at some meals, inedible at others. My daughter's room was infested with 100s of tiny ants. They were in the bed, in the bathroom, in her clothes, everywhere and the management gave us nothing but arguments when we wanted to move. Unless you are staying in the royal service expect nothing better than 2-star treatment; and even the royal service, while better, was inconsistent. Some rooms had bathrobes, others none. We did not get the daily newspaper, suite treats or turndown service promised. If you complain to management you get lip service--if you're lucky. Usually, you get an argument. To say the service was deplorable is an understatement.I am extremely sorry I listened to my TA's recommendation to book this resort and I am telling everyone I can to never, never travel to this resort. Please save your money!In case you are thinking I am being fussy, I spoke to 3 other American couples (One from Texas, one from Philadelphia, and another from NJ) who had the same complaints we had. While the surroundings were pretty and the spa was fabulous, none of none of us would ever, ever stay there again. ","annotations":[]}