{"text":"Heaven at Paradisus My husband and i stayed at the Paradisus Punta Cana from March 1st---March 13. i would have easily stayed for another two weeks. We did book royal service and loved it. upon arrival, we were taken to a private check in and served champagne and given cool fresh smelling towels. we checked in with Helonkis who is a real gem and an asset to this resort. She was very kind and helpful. my luggage had not arrived with us and she assured me she would take care of it. I was extremely worried and she did call the airport for us and my luggage arrived the next day. she had done all the work for us. thank you Helonkis. our butler turned out to be a genuine sweetheart as well. ALI took such good care of us and seemed to anticipate our needs. i told him we liked a bottle of wine in our room after our day at the beach and getting ready for dinner. i only had to tell him this once during the 2 weeks and we had a bottle of wine every day. He also did our jacuzzi set up one nite and it was so romantic and well thought out. Thank you ALI. we appreciate everything. We had a very clean and comfortable room in Bungalow 1. Right off the beach. Perfect location and no complaints with the room at all. no bugs, cleaned everyday and our maid left us little gifts and surprises everyday. the restaurants were also very clean and food was good also. Never went hungry or thirsty for that matter. Being that this was our 6th trip to Punta Cana we sort of knew what to expect. But we found the Paradisus to be much better than other resorts we have stayed at. Plenty of variety and lots of top shelf liquors. We got top service at all the restaurants and bars. Yes, we are big tippers, but i myself have been a server for 15 years and i know how hard they work. We always went to visit Francesco at the Gabi Lounge after dinner. The music is so relaxing at that bar and nice ocean breeze. Isreal at the Hisbiscus Lounge is a heart on two legs. He took good care of us and had our drinks ready when he'd see us walking in. Very good person with an awesome personality. To be honest the one and only bad complaint i have and it has nothing to do with the resort is the loud europeans. Can't tell you how many times we tried to nap on the beach and were awoken by them. No need to be so loud. and if they weren't being loud they were busy picking their noses. What is up with that?? All in all, we had a super vacation and can't wait to go back to see all our friends. Dominicans are the best people in the world and every time we go it gets harder and harder to leave. A big piece of our hearts always stays there. Simply cannot understand why someone would have bad service there. treat them with respect and they will return it 10 times. in closing, please do not hesitate in booking this resort. and if you do please tell Helonkis, Ali, and isreal that Keith  Brenda say hello and send their love. please let me know if you have any questions. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1884,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1880}]}