{"text":"Good hotel but not 5 stars My friend and I stayed at the the GP Punta Cana in early April 2008. I usually travel with my husband and have stayed at 5 star hotels (like the Majestic and Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana). This time, I took a vacation with my friend. The hotel in general is very good. However, compared to the Majestic and the Gr. Bahia Principe, I would have to give this hotel a 3 or 3 1\/2 stars at the most. The beach is very beautiful but it is not very wide. It is also very difficult to find chairs. We had to get up at 6:30 a.m. in order to reserve chairs on the beach. We don't like playing the towel games, but at this hotel, it's a must. There were many people having to sit on their towels all day, despite some chairs being occupied all day by a towel with no one in sight. However, the best thing about this hotel is that the rooms in the Punta Cana section are 2 steps to the beach (which is the reason my friend and I booked this hotel). So it was nice to not have to walk 15 minutes or have to take the tramway to the beach like at some other hotels. The rooms are nice but the furniture is old, bathrooms have a musty smell and could benefit from some renovations - jacuzzi did not work, cracks in marble floors and walls, etc. But nothing serious. We figured that we were not there for the rooms, but for the beach. Also, for some reason, our fridge was not stocked daily despite the $5 tips we left every day. We didn't mind too much but after the third day of having no soft drinks, we called the reception and they sent us some Diet Cokes a few hours later. The food at the Buffet Restaurants is not the best. However, you will not go hungry as there is lots of choice. But the food is not the same quality as at other hotels I have stayed in the past. We also ate at the seafood restaurant and paid a $30.00 supplement to have a lobster tail, and it was the worst I have ever eaten (it was burnt and tasted like burnt rubber) and the service at that restaurant was not very friendly. The waiters acted like snobs and did not smile very much (despite our being able to speak Spanish to them).The overall service at this hotel (including the reception, restaurants and rooms) was not the greatest either. I believe that it is probably because it was very busy that week (first week of April). The service was a hit or miss. But again, not the worst nor the friendliest I have ever had. But what bothered us the most was the constant sexual harassment from male staff on the animation team and also at the restaurants and even the reception. My friend and I both speak Spanish and were therefore able to tell them unequivocally that we were both happily married women and were not interested. However, there was constant propositioning from the male staff and even some of the female staff seemed to be in on it and helped their colleagues to try to convince us to meet them at the disco or have a romp session in our rooms with them (even though there is apparenlty a strict hotel rule against staff visiting tourists in their rooms). We were at first flattered, but then it got very tiresome after a while. I believe that the hotel management should be controlling this better (we were not the only women complaining of this type of harassment). Aside from the harassment, I would have to say that this hotel is good quality for the price we paid. But next trip, I would rather pay a bit extra and get better quality, especially with regards to the food, service and quality of the rooms. ","annotations":[]}