{"text":"Misleading description Boutique hotel is an overly generous term for this place. A more apt description would be glorified backpackers hostel. My family booked 2 doubles after being informed that the quad room was not available. On our arrival, we were told we were upgraded to a deluxe room FOC for one of our rooms which we found was large enough to sleep 4! The price difference was rather significant and we were understandably upset cos we were told it was not available on booking. The receptionist at night, who was of asian origin, was very very unhelpful and rude about it. She raised her voice and said there was nothing that can be done about it and rudely instructed us to speak to the manager who will only be in the next morning. All the while, she just sounded very frustrated and kept raising her voice. It was as if she was the customer who was let down in the first place!! She just kept repeating the same answer and refuse to help us clarify our doubts, instead, just pushed everything to the morning.Breakfast offered is a joke. It's charged at AUD$8 or so and consists of a box of dry rations with cornflakes, muesli, a packet of milk etc. A poor backpacker who booked the breakfast option was stunned when handed 3 packs for his 3 day stay and when asked if he was meant to eat in the room, the receptionist just replied (loudly), we do not have a cafeteria belligerently.That said, the receptionist in the morning, a young asian girl, was utterly sweet, helpful and nice. She was far more professional and although had many people to handle, was unfailingly polite and helpful.Rooms wise, there was no closet for the standard room. Neither is there a fridge, tea\/coffee making facilities. There was no window as well. Carpets were threadbare and room was plain with no decorations. Room was also so small that there was literally no space to put my luggage. The 'upgraded' room had pipes (the relatively big ones) running through them in the room. The only thing that can be classified as a boutique hotel is the bathroom which was nicely decorated with good water pressure.I have honestly stayed in far better hostels in Sydney before and have a word for people who are attracted to the less than accurate photos on their website. Book at your own risk! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1130,"mention":"cornflakes","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Corn_flakes"],"startOffset":1120}]}