{"text":"Could have been great...but wasn't. Ok, well, I was pretty excited about this place from the pics and some of the more recent reviews. My gf and I like little mod boutique hotels and after the other 2 places we stayed at in Puerto Rico, we could have used a good spot. The other places were El Convento and the Crow's Nest, which were awful experiences. I'm not picky, but she is. I've stayed on the floor in real dumps before. I've done my time in small rooms in a rainforest medical clinic. I'm not so squeamish or particular.But anyway, onto the review of the Water Club.By comparison, this place was much nicer than the other 2 places we stayed at (but that's not saying much). The staff was overall very friendly and greeted us with a smile. We had trouble with the internet and she came right up to help us. There is no in room internet. You have to go to the 2nd floor. The rooftop bar was amazing. All done in white cushions with a pool you could lounge at. Very nice. The rest of the place had potential, but was really getting worn out. The paint was chipping, there were scuffmarks all over, that kind of thing. Really, it could use a manager who cared about the place.The room itself had an amazing oceanfront view with a small balcony. The blue light was cool at first, but then I had to turn it off because it bothered my eyes. The bed was pretty comfortable but we had to get the sheets changed because there was lipstick on the fitted sheet. Bad form I say. They changed it right away but the replacement sheets were really rough and old. You could see obvious piling and feel it. Again, not good.The furniture was all nicked and scratched and the TV was a small 27 incher on a crooked stand. We had a full sized ironing board.The bathroom was nice, but the sink didn't drain well. I didn't have any problem with the shower making a mess. Our biggest problem was the construction in the mornings which started at 900 am. We wanted to sleep in, but there were workers hammering both on the floor above and on the top floor where the bar is. I called and asked them to stop and she said they would, but they didn't. I called again and the said they would stop and again they didn't. Once more I called and they said they would stop and they didn't. I asked for some sort of compensation and they first offered a late checkout. I was not satisfied with that and so they offered a continental breakfast and a candle. I was pretty upset about it but that's all they would do. I think overall this place has potential, but it's not as nice as the pictures show. Also, I told them it was my girlfriend's birthday, but they didn't do anything special at all.I wouldn't stay here again.The area around the hotel is not very nice either. The only thing that is exceptional is the beach. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":923,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":918}]}