{"text":"Nice hotel - service a bit poor My husband and I plus 2 other couples have just returned from a weekend in Amsterdam. We booked the city break with Expedia and got a good deal at the Radisson. The hotels location is great, it's only about 10 minute's walk from the Central train station on a quiet side street and in walking distance to all the sights.On arrival we were all offered an upgrade to a business suite for an extra 50 Euros per night, this included breakfast, free movies and a newspaper. We all took the deal but on arrival in the room my husband and I were very disappointed, the room was no bigger than a standard hotel room and no where near what could be desbribed as a 'suite'. I went to reception to complain, the gentleman was helpful and explained that the buiness suites aren't really suites just a little bit larger than the standard room but they included the extra breakfast etc. I said that I felt we had been given false information and this should have been clearly explained when we checked in. The duty manager came over and apologised and said ' in this case we will not charge you the extra and have a good stay with us'. The next morning we went down to breakfast to meet our friends, on arrival at the dining room we were told that breakfast was not included in our package, I expalined we had upgraded and the waiter went off to investgate. He brought back another duty manager, I explained what had happended the night before. He said that he would have to call his colleague at home who had agreed this as he had no record of it. At this stage I was not only embarrased as other diners watched what has happening but annoyed at the lack of organisation. My husband asked could we join our friends who were dining which they allowed us to do. During breakfast the manager came over and said that when we had been told no charge the day before that mean't just for the room and that they had taken away the extras and this had been explained to us fully. I was pretty annoyed at this as all we were told is they wouldn't charge us, no mention of taking away the breakfast or newspapers. After breakfast the manager said that he would not change us for breakfast that day and as compensation they woud move us to a deluxe room ( at 50 euros a night) which would include the extras. My husband and I although not entirely happy didn't want this episode to spoil our weekend so agreed to the additional charge providing that the room was as they descibed . The room this time was what we had expcected, and was much larger than the standard or business rooms. and I was happy to pay an additional charge for a room of this size.Although non of this spoilt our weekend, Amsterdam was fantastic, it wasn't the best service we had ever had and I would have expected better service from a hotel of this size and class. On departure when we came to pay the bill it arrived with drinks on from the bar on that we hadn't ordered, although they removed these straight away when we questioned it . Good points about the hotel are the location and the food was excellent at breakfast . If I were to go to Amsterdam again I sadly wouldn't choose the Radisson. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":4,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":0},{"endOffset":4,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":0}]}