{"text":"Great central location I stayed at the Carolus hotel in early October 2007 after booking a room online for 4 nights. The Carolus was just as described; a newer remodeled, small, personable hotel in a very convenient location. The hotel is located within easy walking distance (even with luggage) from the main train station (Santa Maria Novello) and the bus station. There is also a self-service laundry 1 street over and a dry cleaner in the same block. It is on a relatively busy street with some street noise but not overly distracting because the hotel had double paned windows to keep out the noise. The room I had (on the 3rd floor) was large with a large bathroom and a high ceiling. I read other reviews of people who had smaller rooms and I'm assuming it just depends on when you check in (season, day of week and time of day). I found the hotel to be clean, new and modern. I found the staff to be very friendly, helpful and willing to go out of their way to answer my tourist-related questions. I found the location to be wonderful because there was plenty of places to eat and drink after dark. Also, there were several Internet Cafes in the area charging only 1 Euro\/hour to send and receive messages. This is an area that has many street stalls selling everything from food to clothing during the day, you really didn't have to leave the hotel area if you didn't want to. The tourist sites from the Ponte Vecchio to the Uffizi and Accademia museums are all within easy walking distance of the hotel.I arrived and departed on the Trenditalia (Train) from SMN and had no problem finding the hotel or getting to it with my luggage.The only problems I had were with the street noise (ask for a room facing away from the street when checking in), the small size of the shower and television and the fact that there was only 1 english language channel (CNN). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":336,"mention":"Maria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Marie_biscuit"],"startOffset":331}]}