{"text":"Very nice hotel Our family of 6 (including 2 small children) stayed here July 3 - July 5, as part of our west coast vacation. We loved this hotel. It is new, very clean and pleasant. We liked the small lobby, breakfast area, and the rooms. We had one regular room with a kind bed, and a suite which had a king bed in the bedroom and a queen sofa bed in the living room for our children.The location is excellent for tourists in San Francisco. We went to see Golden Gate Bridge and Muir Woods before checking into the hotel so we could drive there. The hotel has valet parking as the only real option ($ 34 per day). Parking is very difficult in San Francisco, so valet is reasonable here. After leaving the car with the valet, we did the rest of the sites by walking or taking the cable cars. This hotel is located very close to Union Square (lots of shopping and restaurants), Westfield Centre (very large high end mall), and China town. These were easy to walk to. There are some hills, but that is part of what you expect to see in San Francisco as a tourist. The cable car stop is at the intersection of Bush and Powell, within a few yards of the hotel, where 2 cable car lines stop. You can get an all day pass for the cable cars (and buses) for $11 per day at Walgreens (located one block from hotel). I recommend this option because otherwise it is $5 per ride. You can take the Mason-Powell cable car north to the end of the line, and then walk a few blocks to pier 33 for Alcatraz tours. You can take the Hyde-Powell cable car north to see the crooked part of Lombard St. It is a lot more fun to take cable cars rather than cabs. We like the Union Square area much better for our hotel instead of Fisherman's wharf area (were we stayed in the past).The hotel gives out a great map of San Francisco (including the transit system) and a San Francisco Visitors Guide, which has great maps of the Downtown\/Union Square area (including names and locations of stores and restaurants).Overall we loved this hotel and the location. Enjoy your trip. ","annotations":[]}