{"text":"Good location but the facility is tired I stayed at the hotel for a confernce the last week of February. While the location is prime for proximity to the beach, the facility requires a major renovation. They are resting on the laurels of their location and obviously feel they can charge whatever they wish becasue they are on Miami Beach.The restaurants are very nice, nothing spectacular but what you would expect at a three star hotel. Service is ok but except for the Seabreeze bar, the serving staff did not go out of their way to treat you as guests. It was not top notch service. I found the staff genrally freindly but , they are missing that certain quality that makes you feel like you are being taken care of and treated like a guest, not an annoyance. There is a lack of attentiveness by the general staff.The conference space was very good and spacious, but they could not properly control the AC and I nearly froze sitting in our sessions.The bedrooms were large, but bad use of space. Two closets and drawers space use up room space. The beds were not comfortable nor were the linens. There was no bed skirt on the beds. The towels were worn and torn, and they had an unplesant odour.There were hot water problems at the hotel which was unacceptable for a facility that bills itself as a resort and spa. The bathroom only has a shower and no bath tub. The showerhead was clogged and not at full force. Again hardly what you woudl expect at a spa.At the same time that they had a large confernce booked, they also booked in a large group of girls on a school trip. What were they thinking. It felt like sping break at times. It was not possible to enjoy the pool with it packed with screaming teens. It was also a major issue come elevators, which were amost never avaialbel due to repairs and the kids riding them between floors.Be careful on the room rates. Two of my collegues had their room rates increased after the first night of stay. The prices are excessive for the facility.Teh poitures on teh website are very clever. They show what the hotel coudl look like, but that's not how it look in real life.I was very disappointed in the overall experience.  Until they do some major renovation, this is a low buget (but high cost) hotel. Too bad its a good location. But lots of other places nearby. ","annotations":[]}