{"text":"A hidden treasure I was first attracted by the hotel website and had made follow up phone calls to inquire the possibility of hosting a thanksgiving reception on the property on the final phase of our trip to Asia. Much impressed by my initial contacts with the restaurant manager and staff, Perry and Betty, we have decided to relocate to the HK Gold Coast on our final three nights of stay in Hong Kong from the JW Marriott to host the event.If one is planning for a unique unforgettable event, this is the place. The pictures on the WebPages did not do justice for the real experience.The hotel is a resort and is a departure from the business hotels in the Central district from its hustles and bustles and jammed with traffic and people, strategically we picked this location in hope for an relaxing retreat and an unforgettable evening with friends at the conclusion of our trip. We were delighted that we have made that choice. The hotel room charge is obviously shy from the Central area. While the location may be a concern to some, the availability of complimentary shuttle services and choice of public transportation are making that a non-issue. We managed to get to most destinations in 30-45 minutes from the hotel. We hired a taxi from to take us from the JW Marriott to the Gold Coast and the fare was $250HKD. We paid the similar fare to go from the Gold Coast to the airport. For the overseas tourists, this is more like a fraction of what we would pay for a similar commute. Riding in a taxi afforded the opportunity to experience the beauty of the city.Upon check in, we were rather disappointed with our room assignment, as we were greeted by parking lot noises as well as a poorly cleansed room. Over the concern of the hotel reputation and our first impression at a breakfast conversation with the Cafe Lagoon Restaurant Manager, Perry had taken the initiative to make alternate arrangement to correct the situation. This recovery itself speaks volume; the hotel management had more than made up the inferior first impression. All other services were professional, courteous and expedient.  The highlight came at the dinner reception on Nov 2 as our guests arrived, many from overseas. The environment, the services, the food and an going the extra mile attitude by the restaurant management and staff had turned this event to an unforgettable memory.  We had the reception at the Cafe Lagoon Terrace, an outdoor setting surrounded by tropical vegetations by a pool overlooking the ocean, a picture perfect opportunity for lasting memories. Live music was provided. Our guests were most delighted with the BBQ and freshly prepared buffet. The icing on the cake was the care of the restaurant management to fulfill a last minutes request for transportation to Tsim Sha Tsui with a 50 passenger tour bus. As we bid farewell, most of our guests were enjoying a care free ride on a private bus taking in the night scene of a romantic city along the coast line.This property is about an decade old and may be in time for a renovation to keep up with an upscale resort status. Proper attention to the house keeping will definitely made it a superior choice for a get away retreat and we are looking forward to return to see the improvements. All said, credit must to the hotel management and specifically Perry who has gone out of their way to make our dream come true, an unforgettable evening with friends and laughter. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2683,"mention":"cake","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cake"],"startOffset":2679}]}