{"text":"Awesome! Totally Awesome! Dan  LoriDuration of Stay - June 22 to June 29My wife and I just returned from this resort last sunday and we had a FANTASTIC time!!! We have NO complaints about the Catalonia Resort and we got what we expected, no surprises.The staff were all very friendly and all making sure your needs and wants were taken care of. I will break it down as follows.Staff- All worked hard to entertain the guests, to keep the whole resort VERY clean, and ALL were always friendly and courteous!!There was always plenty to do with them at the beach, the pool area, and at the nightly shows. I also wanted to mention that some of the entertainment staff spoke several languages each which we found VERY impressive.Rooms- Very spacious and clean and always kept clean on a daily basis, all towels replenished daily and the mini bar fridge replenished daily.Food- We loved both the quality and assortment of food every day! There were multiple places to eat and drink. We had breakfast every morning at the beach restaurant, which was buffet and homemade omelettes, and we split lunch daily between the beach restaurant, buffet again, and the fast food and pizzeria restaurant by the pool. We had 2 dinners at the a la cartes, Italian and Japanese, and both were EXCELLENT! The other nights we had dinner at the main buffet restaurant at the front of the hotel, where there was a different theme every night and enough choices to please everyone. The food was great wherewver we ate! Shops- There is a little shopping area on the resort that offers everything from souvenirs to food and jewellery and rum. We loved it and got everything we needed here AND at very good prices!Beach, Pool, Grounds- All areas were always kept very clean and there was always staff around to take care of you and help out.We spent most of our time at the beach for relaxation purposes and a few times at the pool. The nightly shows were great. We always felt safe both during the day and at night when there was security.What else can I say? We had an absolute FANTASTIC time all week and we are planning to go back next year . We paid a great price to go here and it was worth even more!I read the reviews before choosing this resort and they helped a lot. Dont pay attention to the negative ones, of which you will notice are very few and inbetween compared to other resorts.My wife and I are just average people and this is a totally honest review.I strongly recommend it to ALL ages!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1172,"mention":"pizzeria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":1164}]}