{"text":"Car was broken into.... The hotel is nice and pretty. The rooms are a bit old and have rust in the shower, I guess you should expect that in old hotels now. I always stay at Hilton since I am a Hilton Honors member and I like gaining points. I stayed here for a convention. I drove my personal car since Dallas is 4 hours from my house. This area to the naked eye looks like a nice area with the hilton anatole right next door and a nice marriott a block away. The third night into our stay at around 5 pm while I was getting ready for a dinner party, my vehicle was broken into. The drivers side window was broken and they broke my console trying to steal my CD player. Keep in mind this happened in bright day light. I went inside to tell the front desk. The on duty manager was there and he acted like he wasn't surprised. He told me that this happens frequently and it is hard to prevent it. I never recieved an apology or anything from the manager. All he said was all I can do is call the police. I wasn't expecting a free room, but after spending 200 dollars on a new window and filing an insurance claim to fix my dash, I think I deserve more then all I can do is call the police.I filed a police report with the Dallas police. The officer that came out, told me this area is hot right now for auto burglarys. He reccommended the next time I come to Dallas I stay in a suburb city (Plano, Duncanville, Los Colinas, Rowlett, etc). He said since all these hotels butt up next to i-35 it is easy for criminals to get away quick and far within minutes. The hotel does have security, but they dont start work until 7 pm every night. I asked the security guard since most of the cars get broken into in the afternoon why they dont have someone that works afternoons. The security guard told me the manager didnt think it was neccessary. He also told me 6 cars in the last 2 months have been broken into and seriously damaged. I will never stay at this Hilton again. I told our company travel agent as well as my friends and colleagues. Like I said, I wasn't expecting a free night or a bottle of wine. All I was asking for was a little more respect from the manager, you think that would be easy since he is in the hospitality business. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":381,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":377}]}