{"text":"Paradisus is GREAT - would go again We stayed at The Reserve, Family Concierge from Aug 5 - Aug 12. We are a couple in our mid-30's with two young children. The object of our stay was to relax and our kids have fun.We paid for a regular taxi ($35) from the airport directly to the resort. No problems.We checked in at The Reserve area of the resort with speedy service and no problems what-so-ever. Our concierge guy was wonderfully helpful and everything was great.The Reserve area is very modern with contemporary decor and is extremely clean. I only speak English and all staff were more than helpful. My husband speaks Spanish and also had great service.Our room was spacious and clean. With the family concierge plan the concierge actually books your table reservations for you at the a la carte restaurants which was a great help. Some times were not exactly what we had asked for, but at least we didn't have to wait in line.The food was ok, not wonderful, but not awful.The evening entertainment was amateur, but entertaining.My kids (6 and 4) loved Kids Zone and there seemed to be plenty of supervised activities scheduled throughout the day.We arranged hotel babysitting on two evenings, which was $10 per hour and both times it was the hotel reception staff. They were very nice and my children liked them a lot.We have traveled a lot to many different countries and are always aware of our surroundings. The safety deposit box is available in the room, therefore all our valuables were locked in there - why take the chance?We did tip a dollar for drinks, food etc. Nothing major, just something to show our appreciation.We spent a lot of time reading all the reviews before making the decision to stay at Paradisus Punta Cana. We are glad we made the decision.We walked along the beach and looked at some of the other resorts and our beach area was by far more superior, clean and had much better furniture and lounge chairs.We will be staying here again. The entire experience was totally what we were looking for. ","annotations":[]}