{"text":"Beautiful Hotel with indifferent staff ! Stayed at the 1898 on the basis of previous reviews and arrived with Great expectations ..... maybe I should've taken the novel, because the expectations were only partly realised !The hotel is in a fantastic location right on La Rambla  within walking distance of loads of Barcelona's attractions. The 1898 is beatifully presented with all of the facilities you may need for a short stay. The room was as we requested, spacious, well equipped and very clean, although the views were pretty dissappointing.The rooftop pool is a must after a day wandering around Barcelona trying to figure out how Gaudi persuaded builders to start his wonderful projects  you'll get the views you'll wish you had from your room here. The restaurant is good  the wine massage in the underground spa is a must.We only ordered room service on our last morning, which was very nice, although a little late. But the glass of Cava with breakfast more than made up for it !We did have a few issues with the service at the hotel though.The lock on our door was faulty, which resulted in the room being left open by the maid a couple of times .... fortunately nothing went amiss.When we reported the problem, we were surprised to find that the staff felt we were ruining their day by interupting more important things they had to do! Not the service I'd expect from a 4 star.Concierge facilities were pretty much non-existent, so take a guide book ! ..... when we tried to get the hotel to order a taxi upon our departure, we felt it would've been easier to wander the streets of Barcelona for a couple hours in the blazing heat, dressed in a ski suit, holding aloft a sign in spanish saying 'I hate taxi drivers' !!However ......... Don't be put off staying here. The hotel is great despite the majority of the staff  we did still have a great time ...... probably due to the sangria from the bars on La Rambla !If the staff smiled every now and then and did as you asked this would be a fantastic hotel. ","annotations":[]}