{"text":"Ritz best place in P.R. by far My wife and I just came back from a 4 night\/5 day vacation on the Ritz. I can honestly say I was pleasantly surprised at what a fabulous time we had considering many of the somewhat negative reviews here. The Ritz staff treated us like we expect from a Ritz. Everyone was polite and our room was very nice overlooking the pool. I asked for a separate fridge for the room  it was there waiting for me when we walked in. The grounds were beautiful, the food delicious, service excellent, and the beach better than expected. Live music every evening in the lobby was also a nice touch.I want to address a couple of things that have been talked about in people's reviews. The noise situation from planes due to the close proximity to the airport was virtually non-existent. If you really listened for it, you could hear a plane for about 6 seconds a couple of times a day. This was basically a non issue. Also, I guess enough people complained that there weren't any\/enough wait staff by the pool and beach to take drink  food orders. Well, mgmt must have listened because there were always numerous people to to take your orders without having to walk over to them. The restaurants were excellent - some people complained about the high prices. Well remember where you are staying - this is the Ritz not the Holiday Inn, Coming from New York City, I didn't think the prices were so bad. Besides, if you don't like it, there are many other choices of places to eat.If there was anything to complain about, it was some very minor things. The pool temp was a bit on the chilly side as I dont think they have heat in it but rely on the heat from the sun. So in the mornings  evenings, the pool takes a while to get in for a wimp like myself. Also the hot tub temp was not hot enough. It felt a bit like bathwater. The he only other gripe I have is what others said which is that the windows of the room (outside window) defineltely needed some cleaning. Also something very minor is that no where on the hotel website does it say that there are two beautiful tennis courts with a pro that can handle any level player named Kamil. I wish I knew this ahead of time.After having spent time at the Ritz and visiting the El San Juan Hotel, I think there is absolutely no comparison. The only way I would stay at the El San Juan is for a bachelor party or if I was younger  single  looking to meet someone. Other than that, I thought the El San Juan was old, dirty,  certainly attracted a different clientele than the Ritz. The RItz is definetely the place to stay if you are going with a significant other or with family, including kids.One last thing I want to add was how nice I thought it was that guests have unlimited access to the business center computer to log on the internet free of charge. Many other hotels charge a minimum hourly rate so this was a nice feature.Thanks Ramon. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2885,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2881}]}