{"text":"Overall - Very Nice My wife and I returned from a week's stay at the Westin. First of all, we found the grounds and the pool area to be beautiful. We enjoyed having an adults only pool and the ocean was wonderful. Our room was clean and very nice. We have been to many different resorts in the Caribbean and this is certainly one of the nicest. For the most part, the staff is courteous and pleasant. We found the bartenders at the Tiki Bar, the wait staff in all of the restaurants and the maids to be polite and friendly. Ivan and Victor at the Tiki Bar were terrific to us. We found the Assistant Restaurant Manager, who was from Sardinia (I feel badly that I cannot remember his name but the Westin should give him a raise and make sure he does not leave), to be absolutely wonderful and professional. Our only real issues were with the front desk and the concierges which were not up to par for a hotel of this size. When we checked in, we inquired about getting a room on a higher floor and she began searching on the computer for one. In the meantime, she asked us if we would like copies made of our transfer vouchers. I said yes and she took off to make the copies. 15 minutes later she returned while a line developed behind us. Her only comment was that the delay was because my wife asked for a higher room. We were both steamed over that incident. Next, we went to the concierge desk to sign up for tours. Please note if they do not get enough people, you do not get to go, although you have to hang around to find out if the tours will be cancelled or not. Two of ours were and on another one the wrong date was written down. In the future, I think it is best to rent a car although the fee for parking the car at the resort is exhorbitant. I do not even have enough time to go through the aggravation that my wife was put through to buy post card stamps. Some advice to the hotel would be sell post card stamps in the gift shop where you sell the cards. Also, do not have a policy for some parts of the hotel where you are forbidden to pay cash (the Tiki Bar for example) and other parts of the hotel (the concierge desk) where you have to pay cash for items like post card stamps. It's stupid things like that which keep this from being just an outstanding hotel. As for the restaurants, they are certainly resort high. We found the Grill Room to be a rip-off. My $40 steak was good but not great, and my wife's salmon was horrible for $28. On the other hand, we found Palio to be wonderful and the Japanese restaurant (which is not open all that often) to be good. We enjoyed eating off-site at nearby Don Pepe's where the food was good and the staff wonderful. A $14 shuttle from the hotel gets you there but it's worth it. Even though we did not get to eat there, we heard from others that the food at the restaurant at the main turnoff to the hotel from Rte. 3 was also very good. El Yunque was fun, I loved swimming in the waterfall and our guide was terrific. Old San Juan (we rented a car for the day from Avis at the hotel) was special to see also. I hate to be so negative about some things because overall we loved the hotel and would certainly come back, but we would rent a car and avoid the concierge desk at all costs. ","annotations":[]}