{"text":"Mediocre hotle We stayed at the Aqua Palms and Spar for a week to attend an event at the Hilton across street. The decision to stay there is mainly for its proximity to the Hilton, relatively lower price, good reviews from here. However, our experiences at this hotel is at best mediocre. We had a rental car and knew in advance that they (similar to most others) charge $20\/night parking. The hotel is located on Ala Moana Blvd, with a narrow (one car width) and invisible parking entrance. Since there is no registration parking, you will have to enter the garage before doing registration. Just call the front desk from the parking entrance and they will open the door. After registration, the room key card will be used to enter but ours never worked. We had to call the front desk every time. There are lot of comments on the tight parking garage. It is no kidding the narrowest parking garage I've ever seen and I live in LA! I can see many marks on the pillars and walls left by drivers not use to a different (rental) vehicle and tight parking spaces. They have three elevators and they are fast. Well, a bit too fast that the door will close after only one person gets in. The second person always has to fight with the door. I booked directly from the Aqua web site and the registration process was smooth and the staff were friendly. However, the keys didn't work for the room and I had to go back to the front desk to get it re-programmed. At the same time their computers crashed and I had to wait 20 minutes for this to be done. Since they DO NOT have air conditioning in the corridor, it's a very long and hot 20 minutes. The hotel is old with small rooms. The bathroom is newly remodeled but is one of the smallest I've seen. There's ventilation fans in the bathroom and the towels are clean and comfortable. The room comes with a microwave oven, a refrigerator and coffee maker. The best part of it is the 42 flat screen TV, but since we're in Hawaii, it was used much. Beside free local phone calls and wired internet, the hotel also provide free continental breakfast. The problem is that it opens at 7:30am and there's always a long line. There's also not much eating area that most people eat by the tiny swimming pool. There's a business center in the small front lobby, but is operated by a separate company. They charge $0.75 per printing page and $.25 per minute using the computer to print. There's not much instruction on the confusing registration process and you're for sure to use it much longer (and be charged more) just to find out how to print. The staff are friendly but not very helpful. Overall, I think this is an average hotel in an average location with average service. The Hilton is about $50\/night more expensive but is a much better hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1888,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1882}]}