{"text":"Would not recommend it My husband and I have travelled numerous times to the Caribbean over the years and have an understanding on what to expect (or not).This hotel is actually two hotels sharing facilities, including restaurants, beach, entertainment, spa, everything except hotel rooms. This poses a problem as there is twice as many people but not twice as many facilities. For example, we went during the Christmas holidays, and granted it is a busy time of the year, however getting a beach chair was impossible if you did not 'claim' one by 8 am. Booking an 'a la carte' dinner reservation would take up to one full hour just to get to the rsvp table.. just to find there were no availabilities left in all but one restaurant. Each person doing the booking had their own rules on how to do it. Chaos. We took a red eye and arrived at the hotel at 3:30 in the morning. We then had to stand in line, in the lobby, while one desk attendent booked the large bus load of people in. We finally arrived at our room to find we had no electricity. Fumbling in the pitch dark we called the lobby and they sent an electrician over. Half hour later, the lights went on just to discover the patio door lock was not working. Leaving was no less arduous. We had to leave the hotel for the airport at 11:30pm. However, they made us check out of our room by 12 noon. They had no facilities to safely storekeep our suitcases, other than the very busy and populated lobby. There our stuff sat, un-attended, for 12 hours. Passports, valuables, etc. went to the beach with us for the day, again with headaches that poses. To change for the evening, they offered us the spa facilities. That consisted of two dirty showers, one of which was broken. The other remaining was overused and undercleaned. The changing area offered no privacy what-so-ever and to add insult to injury, the design of the area included two doors at either end of the room. These doors led to the public areas of the spa building and whenever someone opened these two doors you had better have a towel nearby. No hairdryers, no soap, shampoo, nothing. The attitude of the travel representative on sight was not terribly professional and the front desk people were what we expected. I would go out of my way to not return here. ","annotations":[]}