{"text":"Upgraded to a suite! This hotel's in the western district of Hong Kong which doesn't have a lot going on in terms of shopping or eating, but it's not far from the central part which does. To get there, you can either walk (maybe twenty minutes), or get the tram which takes about 10 minutes. Trams stop right outside the hotel and there's one about every minute or so. Although the tram probably isn't the fastest method of transport, it's quite good fun and costs only HK$2 for any distance - and it runs all the way from the Ramada down to the Causeway Bay area, going right through the central parts of Hong Kong island. So it's definitely the cheapest way to get about. A taxi from Central Station will cost about HK$25-30The hotel's quite a glitzy affair with a marble lobby and muzac in the corridors. We paid HK$880 for a standard room, but were automatically upgraded to a suite for our stay of three nights, which is a major reason I'm recommending this hotel! I booked through wotif.com and although it said an upgrade would be provided, I didn't actually expect one. Another tip for booking - during the week the price can slump to HK$470 a night, but it's very pricey during the weekends and gets up to around HK$1300. Having watched the prices on the above mentioned websites, usually the price is only as low as 470 when you book during the week you're going to be staying. Room was great beacuse of the size - though admittedly I didn't see the standard room. The suite has a screen divider that separates the bedroom area from the sitting room part, which has a small table and chairs, a big TV, sofa and then the bathroom's great - marble and a powerful shower. Internet : you can buy cards at the desk for $40 which gives you up to three hours surfing. But you have to use the time in one session - you can't log out and come back to use another hour at a later date. There are aslo 12 hour and 24 hours cards available. We connected wirelessly, but I'm pretty sure you can borrow a cable from the front desk if you need to plug in.Restaurant : we didn't use it. There's a breakfast available, and you can buy a voucher for breakfast with a 25% discount at the reception desk. I can't quite remember how much it was - maybe about HK$50 each. From what I've read on here, the breakfast wasn't great. There's a few little bakeries around the hotel. Overall : a good hotel for the price. The size of the rooms really makes the hotel standout. The only thing that could be better is location - but it never prevented us from doing anything. Riding the tram for ten minutes is not exactly a hardship. ","annotations":[]}