{"text":"beautiful beach  I was at this hotel from Dec 4th to the 12th. The weather was fantastic except for the last day which rained. Okay lets get into the resort itself. It currently changed management and went from LTI Punta Cana to VIK Arena Blanca, what i was told was that when this happened more than half the staff was let go. They are in the process of renovating the rooms. My check in was fast and we were given 2 rooms close by. To be honest i was not really disappointed with the resort, not like i have read in some of the reviews but again everyone has their own expectations and tastes.Ok the rooms, we were in building 2 which has not yet been renovated as they are doing one building at a time. My room was clean, the bed was not too bad and i did not have such a bad view. I will agree that they hotel does not provide any washcloths so bring your own as well as bring your own soap as they have liquid soap in the bathroom. I know some people have complained about the noise but to be honest the construction noise is only during the day and it truly is not that bad that it bothers you. I really have no complaints about the quality of the pillows or bed as i slept without any problems every night. Food was not bad at all. I always found something to eat and the pizza at the beach bar is fantastic. It was always fresh and yummy. I also loved the bbq chicken and was always saved a piece at lunch by the cook. The service is not bad at all and i tipped daily and to be honest was remembered and service was always provided very promptly as well as with a smile. Tipping a dollar here and there is not required by any means but always appreciated by the staff.Ok now to the beach and pool. The beach is absolutely beautiful, white sands and the water is wonderful and warm. I never had any problems getting a chair to lounge on at any time of the day. I know that the beach the little huts get taken fast in the morning but there is always some shade so there is no problems at all. As for the pool you can always get shade and sun at any time of the day. The activity team is always doing something so there is always some fun activities happening. If you do want to go shopping there are some shops on the beach about 4 mins from the hotel and we called it Tent city, be prepared to bargain and you can get some good deals. Dont be put off by some of the negative reviews. If you dont expect the Ritz you will enjoy yourself. The beach is beautiful and the grounds are kept very clean and nice. People are friendly and they do speak English at the front desk as well as the bars and restaurants, i had no problems what so ever. The food was always good and i never went without eating or got sick from the food or drinks. Overall my experience with this resort was not bad at all. I enjoyed it and would go back in the future maybe once most of the renovations are done. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1284,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":1279},{"endOffset":1746,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1741}]}