{"text":"Ignore the cr*p reviews......Read this..... We have just returned from 10 days at the Bahia in Bavaro and felt we had to write a review !.CHECK-INNo issues, probably due to the fact that we arrived at 1:30am and there were very few people about....it actually worked to our advantage as we were upgraded to 'Golden' for no extra money !.CLUB GOLDENGives you a little bit extra, but not a lot. I'm not sure what the upgrade price is, but I probably wouldn't pay it. What do you get ?.The room is near the beach, but no sea view. You get 15 minutes free internet each day, but, the queue for the 3 terminals each day were a bit excessive. The room was fantasic, we even had a four poster !. There is room service as well, but who the hell wants to sit in there room all day when it is 90 degrees outside !.FOODFantastic......Al a carte was fantastic, we visited Steak House, Japanese, Fish, Italian and Gourmet......IF YOU ONLY BOOK ONE RESTUARANT, MAKE SURE IT IS THE GOURMET.....The food and service was probably the best I have ever had in a restuartant or a hotel. This doesn't belong in an all inclusive resort !. Make sure you take advantage of the cray fish...!.Buffet was a little bit dissapointing when comparred to other Bahia's, but still sufficient and as ever the service was first class.We tended to visit the bbq bar in the mornings for breaky, as the view of the beach was fantastic. However visits to the buffet were good as well and the omlet queue's were small (for once !!!!!).DAY ENTERTAINMENTUnbelievable, these guys (the staff) just want to have fun. On our last day there was a arm wrestling competition by the pool...well....for you yanks - the enthusiasm of all concerned was like the superbowl, for you canadians - better than any ice hockey match...and for us English - nearly as good as football (soccer).Bottom line, these guys put everything into making your day fun !!.One observation - If you are looking for total peace by the pool this could be a problem. Whilst by the pool, the Americans and Canadians seem to be unable to communicate without shouting at the top of their voices (even if they are right next to one another) and each sentence seems to end with an annoying whooooop ?, why ?. Fine at 6pm when we have all had a drink, but at 10am...come on guys ?. However, don't let that put you of though.....EVENING ENTERTAINMENTBar service was great, totally about their business. Only watched one bit of a show, so we can't comment, but they were well attended. The Hacienda was good, very lively.OVERALL...... YOUNG, OLD, FAMILY, PEACEFUL HOLIDAY...WHATEVER...GO...IT'S GREAT !!!!!PS... forget to mention about the beach......Miles and miles and miles of sand, palm trees, beds, beach bars........oh well, hard life isn't it ? ","annotations":[]}