{"text":"Beautiful location in the Sonoran Desert After reading some of the most recent reviews I must say the one from New York made me laugh. I have learned from my travels never to judge a book by the cover some of the wealthiest people in Scottsdale dress like gardners and drive  american cars! Here is my take on the JW Marriott. Great location but will not travel in March it is Spring Break and no matter where you travel whether beach or ski there will be plenty of kids about. I was suprised no one mentioned the vacation club time shares. Do not show interest when traveling past the time share desks because I did and not only had 3 separate voicemail messages on my room phone but also had a flyer put on my door so unless you are truly interested in their 90 min presentation steer clear. This hotel is located across from Desert Ridge Marketplace one of the cleanest outside shopping malls I have visited, it is not high end stores but has most everything moderate and they do provide a shuttle pick up from Desert Ridge. The rooms are some of the cleanest and the housekeeping staff very friendly. The pools were crowded due to the month of travel but there are several and they do clear out at 5:00 pm and since it is still very nice outside that is a great time for adults to attend.The restaurants are priced average for a hotel in this category. The room service prices are steep for breakfast so we went across to Mimi's or Paradise Bakery. Be prepared to walk alot, if you like to be near the pool or golf please ask to be near those areas. The nightly turndown service provides a schedule of activities for the next day, this is the first time I have seen a Segway tour offered. Overall a very pretty setting, quiet and very clean rooms. free parking, paid laundry room. As long as you like yellow and gold tones you will not be disappointed. Lots to do but you will pay for almost everything. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":527,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":523}]}