{"text":"Repeat Visitor Can't REcommend Enough I have now stayed at this Hotel 6 times in the past two years and cannot say enough about it for what it is. For a 3 star hotel and its price, it is amazing. The location is the finest for Amsterdam.I typically take the train from the airport at 3.60 euros one way and save a very expensive cab fare. Cross the street from the station and 2.5 blocks and you're at the front door. Dutch blocks are about 50 feet long, so it's a breeze. Ditto for return or early a.m. departures to airport.Rooms, expecially singles are small. Singles are really tiny, but my rooms have always been fanatically clean. I took my sister for her birthday from NYC and another time with a friend and a couple trips by myself. Breakfast is an adequate array of simple foods and a bit more choices than some others on the european plan. WIndows that open, the price, always hot water, very clean and the location can't be beaten. I'm even going again in Jan\/Feb with friends who are meeting me there . They just installed new air conditioning which should be up and running in the spring. It can get too hot from the heat in the winter, but all over eurpoe this is the norm and baffles us Americans, especially when they [-] about the fuel cost, yet leave the shop doors open all day and nite too. I stay here every chance I get. Tram is out front, restaurants, coffee houses, bars within 150 feet. Humphreys has a prix fix menu on the tiny sq. next door at about 21 euros with 3 courses and is pretty good, certainly better than standard tourist restaurants and some dutch dishes, cheeses and desserts. Also Hjaes Claes on Spui and ten blocks or so down has exceppent dutch food choices and the locals go there too. Been there several times and it is great. Double check the spelling on that. Also American Cafe at American Hotel on Leidseplein has a fine cafe\/bistro menu, extremely well done, seasonal specialties, but pretty expensive. Yet they deliver and beat the tourist crap at the tourist places.For the people who [-], pay twice as much at am American name chain and be dissappointed. They'll never beat the location, cleanliness, free internet or anything else I can imagine. I've tried those and feel deflated, expecially over the money and they want 15 -29 euros for the same breakfast. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1381,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1375}]}