{"text":"Romantic Rendezvous WOW! What a vacation! My husband and I have 4 children under the age of 10 and we are both Corporate Executives from the East Coast and rarely travel without our little love bugs. However, this trip was a needed romantic rendezvous; way overdue (I might add) and Villa Montana Beach Resort in Isabela, PR delivered with gusto!  We are not hip on the nightlife scene and didn't want the touristy crowded attractions either, been there, done that. We had heard thru friends that had traveled to this resort before that the Northwest tip of Puerto Rico is the place to go for romantic seclusion. You didn't have to tell us twice so off we flew into Aguadilla International Airport and a short 15 minute drive later we entered Paradise! The staff was very welcoming and accommodating. My husband calls Villa Montana Beach Resort our own Caribbean Beach hideaway and this was to be our home for the next 7 days. We were lucky enough to receive a 1 Bedroom Ocean view Villa (the staff told us there were only 3 on property and they are always booked) that had fabulous amenities with that Caribbean flair and theme throughout not to mention the artwork and greenery around the resort. Our Ocean view verandah that overlooked the crystal blue isolated beach was just what the doctor ordered. We had breakfast each morning out there while enjoying the ocean breeze; let me tell you there is nothing like it on earth. We were just steps away from the sand where we took daily morning and nighttime walks on the secluded beach that seemed to be placed there just for our pleasure. The Sunsets - absolutely incredible.  Now, even though we needed some romantic time together we still like our activities! The Villa Montana Beach Resort delivers once again with horseback riding, biking, hiking and we even played some rousing matches of tennis. We never really left our Caribbean paradise. Dinners were fully enjoyed at the two restaurants onsite, the Eclipse and Restaurant O. Unfortunately all good things must come to an end and my husband and I will definitely be back perhaps next time with the children. Thanks Villa Montana for a memorable trip. ","annotations":[]}