{"text":"If you're that uptight then stay at the Hilton If you're planning on reserving the $100.00 standard room be warned.. you are going to get what you pay for. All but gone are the cheapo value hotel rooms in Waikiki so before you consider what these previous reviewers are saying please understand that the average $100 hotel room will include one or all of the following:1. Musty smell2. Dirty Carpets3. Old Mattresses and sheets\/blankets (possibly with bedbugs)4. Old Furniture5. 24 inch sanyo cathode ray tube television6. noise, noise, noiseNow as a veteran visitor of Waikiki let me set the record straight on behalf of the hard working hotel staffers across the island who depend on your hard earned bucks to get by. Of course your room is going to be musty and dirty, 9 out of 10 tourists do not use the public showers after they go to the beach.. instead they take the beach back to the room with them including towels soaked in seawater and god knows what else if they went to Waikiki beach. Sadly the budget hotels simply aren't making enough money to update that often and normally they will do the same thing that Royal Garden does which is maintain their suites and penthouses before refurbishing the cheaper rooms. The solution is simple: Go down to the downtown Honolulu Wal-Mart and get yourself some disenfectant sprays, fabreeze, and bleach and give the room a quick cleaning the first day you get there. The go out and play for awhile because.. you're on vacation.. Everything will be fine after you get back. If the noise is really getting to you then you may want to consider staying at one of the $300.00 a night resorts like Turtle Bay or the Ko Olina because thanks to a major population boom Oahu is PACKED with people who live there now which suprisingly has had it's effect on the Waikiki traffic.Me, my Wife and my 8mo. old Daughter were fortunately upgraded to a Superior room upon arrival since the standard rooms were overbooked. The room was alot cleaner than mentioned in previous comments and it appears that the Superior rooms are now refurbished as the furniture and marble floors in the bathroom\/bar area were brand new. Carpet has maybe a few more years left and the beds albeit very comfy were probably the oldest things in the room. Room was typical Waikiki musty so we just left the window open for an hour and that did the trick. All in all we were very happy with the room and fantastic service from the staff who were more than happy to help us out with our needs. We didn't wait more than 3 minutes for the Valet and found the hotel in reasonable walking distance from the beach via the Hilton Hawaiian Resort. ","annotations":[]}