{"text":"DEFINITELY LIVED UP TO ITS NAME I would definitely advise to ignore any bad reviews on this hotel, as my husband and I have come back from a week of heaven in this beautiful hotel in the caribbean. The little extras that this hotel offers really makes your holiday.We were greeted upon arrival with a glass of champagne each which is given to all arrivals, we were shown to our room by a bell boy who took our cases.Room - we had a junior suite which was of a good size, jacussi bath. This was cleaned daily to a very good standard and we left a couple of dollars tip daily under the pillow. There was a turn down service also and they would put chocolates on the bedside cabinet. Our airconditioning controller on the wall appeared to be broken but the air con still worked and could be controlled. We didn't report it but it was still fixed the next day. As many other reports say, the ironing board and iron is behind the curtain. The mini bar was stocked daily we also left a couple of dollars for the person who refilled it for us. We had room service a few times and each time we received our food within 30 minutes and we had no complaints. The menu was quite varied and you could have a 3 course meal in your room, which we did sometimes and others just pizza.The hotel itself offered 2 pool areas one which was in the gardens and had a waterfall separating the 2 halfs of the pool, this was the quieter of the 2, but not much shade. The other was the bigger pool overlooking the beach with a swim up bar. Both areas were kept very clean and you could always see staff, cleaning, replacing bits and pieces and generally keeping ontop of these areas. The poolside waiter service was good also and the staff are always pleased to help. We would advise tipping the staff now and again they really appreciate it and never expect a tip. You can always get a bed round the pool you will never struggle to find one and a rolled up towel means the bed is free and no one is currently using it. The beach is a dream, again the staff can be seen cleaning any seaweed etc, off the beach and there are plenty of beds and parasols to sit under. its lovely to walk along the beach and you can walk either side of the complex, the right is the better apparently and you will sometimes just get a local trying to sell you cigars or something, once you say no they are off, you can walk forever though.Restaurants - 7 restaurants although we only tried the grill, mexican and italian (toscana), the food in all of the restaurants was good and you should experience as many as possible.Breakfast was great - the staff led you to your table by your arm and there was a live pianist playing to you whilst you ate your breakfast. You can bucks fizz with your breakfast, champagne whatever really.The hotel itself offers evening entertainment, what we saw was very good and amusing. It was nice to be able to drink what you want not just local drinks, and you can never have too much champagne which is also free.We took an organised trip called Domican Discovery. An open top jeep ride which was very enjoyable. We got to meet the local children at a school, went to a plantation, a ranch where we had lunch and did some horseriding, it was a very good day. With the Hotel being adults only when we were picked up by them they were not allowed to bring the jeep into the hotel grounds as they had 2 children on board, so we just walked to the entrance. They are very strict with the no children.Be warned the Caribbean market comes onto the grounds of the hotel, with their permission, and they will try and sell you necklaces. They tried to get us to pay $140 for 3 necklaces, but we knocked them down to $20, which they seemed happy with.Overall we had an absolutely fantastic holiday. The staff at the hotel were lovely, polite and will do anything to help you. In general the domican people are lovely people. With the recent takeover, they are definitely on the up and would recommend this hotel and will probably visit in the future. If you want a romantic, relaxing break - this is the place. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":656,"mention":"chocolates","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":646},{"endOffset":3175,"mention":"ranch","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Ranch_dressing"],"startOffset":3170}]}