{"text":"Wonderful  We stayed at this resort from November 26th to December 3rd. This was our 2nd time to Punta Cana. The air port was very cute, and very fast processing us. We were taken by a van to the GOPC about a 25 minutes drive away. Check in was fast and efficient. Rooms:We were in Building 5 - corner unit on 2nd floor with ocean view. Our room was very clean and the mini fridge worked just fine. The maids were very helpful, and always left us a little flower and neat design with towels and bed comforter. Room was always clean. Food:Loved the food! Don't know what all the complaints were about from other reviewers, as I found the food to more than acceptable and plentful. Sometimes buffet hot items could have been a little hotter, but hey, they are cooking for hundreds of people.We ate at the American Grill 2 times, once by reservation and the 2nd by invite from Roberto (manager), service was great, and they have the best steak I've ever had outside of Canada! Enjoyed the Italian restaurant but they do kind of rush you in and out. - not sure why as there were always several empty tables. You could eat at the specialty restaurants as many times as you wanted, just make the reservation! We never ate at the sea food restaurant as it was outdoors by the beach and due to the regular breeze on the beach we thought that our dinner would cool off to fast. We spent several of our late afternoons at the adult pool with Anthony the bartender....too much fun. Be warned though, the construction of the Cameleon next door to the GOPC is still ongoing and there is lots of sawdust floating in the air and on the chairs. We met some wonderful people who were celebrating Aunt Diane's 75th Birthday - truely lovey people and great company!The shows were pretty much what you would expect from an all-inclusive HOWEVER the Michael Jackson show was AMAZING!!! This production is put on by an outside company and its like being at an actual MJ concert! This group of 16 dancers is really spectacular and well worth the viewing on a Saturday night! It was one of the best parts of this trip.Please email if you have any questions. As I said we relaxed on this trip so we did not take any excursions outside of the resort.Briggitte ","annotations":[]}