{"text":"A lot of good, a lot more bad We just returned from this hotel yesterday. We wanted to give our comments while they were fresh.Good:Beach - The best part of the resort. Beatiful palm trees on soft sandy beach with plenty of room for everyone. Get up early to get a tiki hut (6:30), you will want it as the sun is very strong. Water is beautiful turquiose and warm. Note for families: There are a lot of europeans and this area had women sunbathing topless.Pool - Two beautiful pools that were well maintained. Nice swim up bar too.Service - Unlike some reviews, we found that the staff was freindly and helpful. Those who came in contact with guests spoke English. Others did not. We checked in and out quickly with no problems. Facility\/Grounds: Guest areas were well maintained and clean. This does not mean new. This resort is older and has not been updated.Bad:Food - Definitely the worst part of our trip. Food was bland and looked like many times was reused if left over. Any dairy products will make you sick (it got one of us). The restaurant food was no better than the buffets. If you like eating on your vacation, this place needs to be taken off your list. Tip - if you want reservations to a restaurant, they have to be made at the front desk in the morning; they will tell you they are all full but a few dollars magically opens them all up.Entertainment - 80's cruise ship style at best. There are differnet shows every night using the exact same cast, and most of the evening it is getting the audience to do things that will put anyone to sleep. And it is all in spanish.Rooms - Need to be updated, especially the bathrooms. Shopping - There is a shopping mall (if you can call it that) about a ten minute walk away. Every store sells the same stuff, and it wasn't good. You can haggle over prices, but everything is inflated to take that into consideration.Overall, it was worth the trip for the beach. We would not go back however, because the food was simply that bad. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":514,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":510}]}