{"text":"Went to Melia for a wedding I stayed at the Melia in June for my best friends wedding and i have held off writing a review because i didn't think i had anything valueable to say. I don't know if this will help but i would suggest going to Melia only if you know a little bit of spanish. I found it fustrating at times when some of the staff didn't speak english at all, (i know i am in their country and i should speak their langauge and i did speak spanish) but i could see how it might be hard for someone who doesn't know any spanish at all.  As for the wedding it was beautiful but i highly suggest NOT booking your wedding in the middle of the summer in Dominican Republic. The heat would not have been bad if i was by the pool or the beach but being in a bridesmaid dress in 90+ degrees was torture. Not only the wedding party but the guests where dying of heat. All the mens shirts were soaked with sweat and i think i got heat stroke. At the reception 80% of the guests left early because they were tired from the sun and not feeling well due to stomach issues. Everyday and every experience is different this was unfortunetly just my experience.  Royal service was well worth the money even though i never saw or met a butler. I enjoyed the private pool that had amazing cabanas with soft pillow top beds to escape the sun and take a nap. The golf carts that took you to the royal service beach (which was also beautiful) were a god send not to have to wait in the scortching sun for that trolley thing. And the Gabi resturant was a very convientent and nicely decorated. The casino provided us with hours of enterainment and i loved the late night mexican resturant, at 4am it's still hopin with people ready to party and if you need something to eat to soak up some alcohol.  In short - I recommend the Melia Caribe Tropical, Royal Service is the way to go and DO have a wedding at melia but DO NOT have the wedding in June, way too hot to be dressed up. Maybe a winter month would have been tolerable or plan to have the wedding at night, then again the chance for a down pour of rain is high. Hope at least one part of this was helpful... ","annotations":[]}