{"text":"Loved the Hotel Pulitzer We checked into the Pulitzer early in the day and I do agree with a previous post that the front line staff come off a little brisk and irritated ( with Americans...I don't know but I did not feel welcomed). We didn't get our room despite informing them we were coming in an hour or two earlier.That being said, I have to say that the Prinsengracht location, the unique canal house feel to the place and the other staff made this such a wonderful stay.The a\/c was a little warm-ish but that was because we had a large canal room with a really high ceiling and it we had a few hot days. Coming from Frankfurt though, this was still a big improvement. The weather cooled a little towards the end of our week and it was perfect.A friend had dropped off season tkts to the museums and the front desk lost them. Lisa, the supervisor came through with shining colors. She was efficient and found them. In the meantime, she provided us with museum tkts and did everything to make us very happy. The breakfast buffet was fabulous and the staff was so friendly and helpful. We spent almost a week but by day 3 they recognised us already. The housecleaning staff is excellent. They were kind, helpful, prompt and efficient. We got our fill of the complimentary delicious stroop wafels and water they put in the room everyday.The safe and great location could not be beat. It was nice to stay somewhere where we could walk to lovely shops, wonderful restuarants (Long Pura and Moeder's can't be beat!), nice sights, the canal boats, etc..There is even a dry cleaners round the corner from the hotel too. We never tired of walking. There was always something worth seeing over the bridge or around the corner. The location is very central and is only 10 mins by cab to the train station, 20 mins to Arlanda Airport.Despite a few hiccups, I'd definitely stay here again, would recommend it to friends and the Trip Advisor community. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1521,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1517}]}