{"text":"Tourville is Terriffic! We stayed at the Tourville for 5 nights at the beginning of November. From check-in to check-out everyone was plesant and accommodating. David at the front desk was wonderful. Everyone spoke english. You leave your key with the front desk when you leave for the day\/night and when you return, if the front desk person hadn't met you yet they asked questions without being rude to make sure you were the right person to give the key AND they always recognized and acknowledged you with a smile, even when awakend at 3am! Our room was on the street and noise wasn't a factor. A very residental area without a lot of sirens, bus stops outside the window or school children in the early morning. The bed was comfortable, the room clean and spacious (in European standards). The bathroom was large and the shower perfect (alas, no shower curtain) and the towels large and soft. During our stay we purchased a bottle of champage for a picnic the next day at the Eiffel Tower and asked if they could keep chilled - no problem, can you make reservations for us at this restaurant - no problem. We didn't partake in the breakfast served in a basement\/cellar room - there were plenty of bakeries in the neighborhood to get a snack in the morning or the grocery store around to the corner for fruit, juice and pastry for about 2 euro instead of 12 euro. A lap top computer with internet access - 5 euro for 45 minutes. A short 3 or so minute walk to the metro, 10 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes to Rue Cler, and MANY yummy restaurants (highly rated Zagat ones) within a 10 -20 minute walk. There were other hotels in the area - one next door with rate posted much lower than what we paid but the dirty windows, plastic chairs and a dead plant on the front desk made me glad we paid extra for a room at the Tourville. I think we paid about 220 euro a night, a bit more than we usually pay but it was for my 40th birthday and we would be arriving tired from a busy time a work. It was worth every euro! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1329,"mention":"pastry","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":1323}]}