{"text":"A place to sleep in a great location My husband and I stayed at the Artus for our honeymoon in October of 2007. We chose it based on reviews and a good deal combining hotel + flight on Expedia, but still paid very close to rack rate. The location is outstanding++. Check in was straightforward. The room was tiny but clean and the shower was lovely. Bed was large and comfortable with great bedding. The toiletries provided in the room were obviously recycled from visitors past (in little customized ARTUS boxes and jars) and were looking a little worn. Cleaning was acceptable. Closet space was tight but efficient, there was no iron. Front desk staff were a mixed bag. We had nothing but good experiences (although one night we waited quite a long time for the night staff to answer the doorbell and let us in when we rang at around 12:30 am). The internet was unusable during our stay - one of the night staff kindly looked up baseball scores for us which was lovely. We saw a couple of women show up to check in one afternoon, looking extremely travel-weary and with two large heavy-looking bags each, who were told by the two women at the front desk (who had no other guests to help) that the guests would have to lug their bags up to their rooms by themselves as there were no male desk staff working who could help them. I don't expect valet service, but a small kindness goes a long way. The decor is dated but the lobby is clean and at times the hotel smelled a little odd, but we generally enjoyed our hotel stay for what it was - a super jumping-off spot from which to enjoy Paris. Incidentally, if you don't mind walking about 800 meters with luggage on a quiet street then it's a direct metro trip to CDG airport from (I think) the Saint Michel station. This was a huge bonus for us.Local restaurants were fantastic, especially Allard. The Paris Pass was a colossal waste of money, but the (MUCH MUCH CHEAPER) Paris Museum Pass (which can be purchased at any museum) is a great deal.I would stay in the same neighbourhood anytime I was in Paris, but at the Artus only in the event of an excellent deal. ","annotations":[]}