{"text":"Loved the H10 Universitat As part of a 12-day trip, 6 days in Lisbon (see separate revies for Tivoli Jardim and Tivoli Sintra) we stayed 4 nights at the H10 Universitat in a 4th floor (Room 402) twin bedded exterior room. The room was good sized, with a entrance corridor of about 6 feet and modern bathroom approx. 10x10 to the right, and bedroom area roughly 10x12+ with 2 twin beds, end tables, desk and chair, and closet space sufficient for our 2 carryons and small backpacks. Our long stay (more than 3 d ays) package at 107E (by time of booking 140-200 depending on website) including a generous hot and cold breakfeast buffet. There was small unuseable balcony, free safe, and mini-fridge. The room was modern and well soundproofed from street noise and other rooms. The metro runs near the hotel and you can hear some slight metro noise occasionally which was not disturbing. Staff is professional and v ery knowledeable with directions and recommendations. The hote is the 2nd stop on the airport bus from the airport, with return pickup at the stop by the Tourist Office in Placa Catalunya. Univesitate metor is 2 b locks to the right of the hotel and Pl. Cat. metro is 2 blocks to the left of the hotel, which provides easy access to the Passeig de gracia metro stop to reach the Gaudi modernist buildings, Caso Batlo and La Pedrera, and the Muntaner modernist Palau Musica Catalunya which is well worth toruing and\/or even better viewing a concert as we did for which tickets can be booked online; Placa Jaume metro for a short walk in one direction to the Picasso Museum and to the synagogue on Calle Marlet corner Calle St. Comenic in another direction; bus 24 from Pl. Cat. to the Gaudi designed Parc Guell, bus 64 from Pl Cat. to the Miro Museum; and a 5 minute walk via Pl. Cat to and along the Ramblas, veering off to the Placa Reial for Restaurant Quinze Nits (no reservations), and around the corner, excellent Crema Canella (reservations), and La Fonda (no reservations on nearby C. Escudullers; or by metro to the Palau Musica and nearby excellent and inexpensive (art deco style) restaurant that is part of the La Fonda\/Quinze Nits group. ","annotations":[]}