{"text":"Just like heaven We stayed at the melia bali from the 3rd til the 10nth of July. Melia Bali was the only 5 star hotel among the hotels which we were given by our travel agent. We saw photos of the hotel on the internet and we believed that it was worth the extra money we were supposed to pay in order to ensure our stay in this hotel. We must say that, from the moment we arrived til the moment we left from this hotel we felt very pleased with our choice. We stayed in a superior room. It is the cheapest room that you can stay in this hotel, however it felt cozy and comfortable from the moment you get there. It is clean, tastefully decorated and it has everything that you need (tv, mini bar, private terrace in the front with a great view to the garden, large bed, clean sheets). However, the room was dump and there was a definite smell in it. (we found out that the smell was from the pesticides they often use in order to keep the insects away) .A s far as the smell is concerned it didn t bother us that much. Actually, after a while you didn t even notice it.But the humidity in the room was really annoying. The first day, we left many of our clothes out of our suitcase and when we woke up in the morning they were so humid that you couldn t wear them. We tried to leave the air-condition on all night long as we were advised to do, but the room became so cold that it was impossible to stay in there or sleep in it. As we read in one responce of the hotel manager to a traveller s complain about humidity in the rooms, This is Bali' s climate: sunny weather and 80%-90% humidity the whole year, and unfortunately there is nothing we can do with mother nature . So, what we could really do for this problem was only that :whenever we left the room, we tried not to leave any clothes out of our suitcase. As far as breakfast buffet is concerned, there was a great variety of pastries, breads,marmalades, omellettes.It was really good. However we ate once in the beachfront (Spanish) restaurant and, to tell you the truth the food provided there was not so tasty as we expected, plus it was really expensive in comparison to the money you paid to eat in places outside the hotel. The pool was big and clean and sunbeds were available for us almost every day.People working in the hotel were really kind and always tried to do their best to make you feel comfortable and welcoming.The gardens of the hotel are really beautiful. One stroll early in the morning or late in the evening, hearing the waters flawing, beautiful tiny squirrels coming from the trees asking for food or sitting on the beach at night made you feel like being in heaven. One incident annoyed us though, and it occured on the day of our departure. We were told by our travel agent that we should leave our room at 12 noon. One day before our departure, we asked the reception if it was possible to keep the room for a few more hours (3) because our flight was late at night, and our departure from the hotel was arranged for 5:30 in the afternoon. It would be very tiring for us to wander around in the heat from 12 til 5 o clock so we felt that we should check the possibility to keep the room a little bit longer. Reception told us that we could keep the room for a few more hours plus they told us the extra money that we should pay for it. On the day of our departure, when we went at the reception to settle our bill and pay the extra money for our keeping the room for a few more hours, we were told that it was not possible because the hotel at that day was overbooked, they expected many guests and they were very sorry for the inconvenience this fact may cause to us. We were at the hotel almost the whole day, we expected our travel agent in the lobby from 2.30 until 5 o clock and guess what: nobody new arrived. It was really annoying.Finally, our overall experience of this hotel was great and we would recommend it to others.If you want to relax and leave all your troubles behind,well this is the place. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1895,"mention":"pastries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":1887},{"endOffset":1903,"mention":"breads","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":1897}]}