{"text":"Perfect Location; Great Rooms This is a great hotel from which to explore Barcelona. Its location (near the Placa Catalunya, La Rambla, and the shopping area along the Passeig Gracia) is superb. It's also near several Metro stations, which makes getting to other areas of the city a breeze.The rooms are spotless and a good size for a city like Barcelona and the location of the hotel. Our room (on the 4th floor) was very quiet. Periodically, we could hear the subway rumbling below, but it was not a distraction in any respect.Minibar is great as it is big and they don't fill it full of stuff, so there is plenty of room to put your own water bottles and a bottle of wine or snacks. No concierge and the front desk staff seemed somewhat willing to assist, but certainly not rushing to provide advice or assistance. Just don't rely on them for anything other than check-in; check-out; and wake-up calls (by the way, the rooms have no bedside clock, which I thought was strange).The shower\/bath combination is strange in that the piece of glass that is intended to enclose the shower is not large enough. It makes for somewhat of a chilly shower and the water gets on the floor. However, the water pressure is excellent by European standards and there is plenty of very hot water. As noted in previous reviews, the amenities are poor and not abundant (the soap bar literally lasts for one shower--not sure how it dissolves so quickly). Based on the prior reviews, I brought a few small bars from another hotel to supplement. Also, there is no box of Kleenex--only a small packet with about 8 tissues. If there is one thing about the rooms that the management needs to improve, it is the bath amenities.We didn't eat in the restaurant and the bar looked empty and depressing, so we stayed away. I did ask for a glass in the bar since there were not enough in our room, and the surely bartender refused. Not sure what he thought I was going to do with the glass.Overall, we had a very good experience. The main thing is that the hotel was clean, quiet, safe, well-located, and provided a good night sleep. After all, you aren't hanging out at the hotel a whole lot in a beautiful city like Barcelona. ","annotations":[]}