{"text":"major player in one of my best days ever First things, Ana the hotel manager and Jonathan the front desk manager are two extremely shiny gems in a forest of dirty dusty coal in the world of hotels. This is one small attempt to thank them (belatedly) for the help and assistance in arranging for flowers, contingency plans, and a wonderful night with great care and diligence. I arrived to this hotel with my fiance of several hours, wet and fairly exhausted after the several hours of driving, also glowing and newly in on the big secret.This hotel had about 8 staff that I personally interacted with. All of them--and I used to work the front desk of a hotel--*all gave superior service. The sommelier provided my sweetie Steven extra and enthusiastic knowledge for the engagement night bubbly. Jonathan worked with Steven and his groomsman to coordinate arrival and help keep the big secret for dinner and a possible late evening proposal. The entire staff, including the restaurant, seemed aware of the engagement, taking an interest and offering a little extra effort to make us feel welcome and pampered. Never mind that the room (think space allocation of a Manhattan apartment, with very good chic) was comfortable, nicely adorned, and romantic. When we figured out the lights (forgot to pay attention when entering the room), the unique bathing and toilet, the facilities, tiles and colors worked well for us. Bed was soft and comfy, breakfast (beautifully on the house as a gift from Ana) delish, and dinner very very nice. Also, dessert came up to the room for us, when I mentioned I was beat at the dinner table. Two things to bear in mind, but not hold against the hotel, are that rooms require a flight of stairs and parking is not a good idea.When we left there after our one night, I felt as though the Drake Hotel was holding onto a piece of a day that would not have been the same without it. I was reluctant to go. I think of it now, and it is a really excellent boutique hotel, but the people in it are the real stars. Thank you. ","annotations":[]}