{"text":"Excellent! Just back from a 4 day trip to this wonderful hotel.We were situated on the 6th floor in one of the corner rooms(by request at check in). The corner rooms are slightly larger than the normal room size giving a broader window view and a desk to put things on.The bedroom is nice and modern and spacious and is of the same style as the rest of the hotel.Lighting system in the room, is awkward and takes a few touches to get the right lights on and off etc. I can see why previous occupants have had trouble working the lights. The buttons are multi use, and their is a half second delay in lights coming on so can be confusing.Bathroom is nice and trendy....no locks on door though and transparent window with blinds(controlled thru switch by sink) can be un nerving if not sharing with your partner. Bath and shower are combined in one.The Double bed is two singles pushed together, quite often i found myself falling into the gap as i shifted to other side of bed to give the mrs a cuddle. A proper Double bed would have been better but from reading reviews two singles joined together are the norm in spain.Minibar fridge available in room which is also handy to store drinks bought from the local shop at cheap prices.Traffic noise is hearable from the room, due to the busy plaza espanya being 200metres away but is a low hum in background.If you like absolute silence in your room then this wont be the hotel for you. The double glazing windows do a good job of keeping majority of road noise out.Location of hotel is excellent. 200m from placa espanya, which is home to the national museum and the gorgeous nightly water fountain show. Very handy being right on your door step. Metro and bus stops are right nearby.Metro is very efficient. Buy a ten stop ticket and use this on your stay or a multi day pass. Much more economic than buying single tickets every time.Internet PCs are available for use on the 1st floor, including a inkjet printer, and usb ports.The breakfast service had a good variety (if your not vegetarian), but certainly not worth paying 12 euro extra for, if not included in your room price. Instead you could nip down to the local shop and get a much better selection for a much cheaper price.Only real negative i found with the hotel was the lack of an iron available. We did manage to get one delivered to the room for a short period of time. The hotel instead promotes their in house ironing\/laundry service. A number of staff informed us (incorrectly) the ironing service was free but the order slip showed otherwise.Summary of hotelPros : LocationCostModern, Clean HotelGood StaffExcellent AirconNice rooftop sunning area and small poolFree Internet PC's to use.Local shop nearby for COLD drinks and pastries, nibbles etc.Cons:No irons available (unless you are persistent), they promote their in-hotel ironing service (at cost) instead.A little traffic noise (this didnt bother me)Breakfast not worth asking money if not included with room.Only 2 english channels on the TV, Sky news and bbc world.Two single beds pushed together. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2753,"mention":"pastries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":2745}]}