{"text":"Excellent Budget Hotel I spent nine nights at the Hotel Monge towards the end of April and found it to be superior in terms of service, accommodations, location, and price. The hotel is spotlessly clean, the staff are attentive and helpful, and the daily breakfast is a bargain (they are very generous with the coffee, which was a plus for me). Any time I had a question, Julie, the manager, or another staff member was there with an answer; Julie is a jewel and did a lot to make my stay very pleasant.One example of the staff's attentiveness: on the first night I folded up the bedspread to put under my pillow (I like a lot of pillows); I meant to ask for another pillow the next day but didn't have to--the maid brought one before I could ask for it.My room was small but the bed was quite comfortable and the balcony, overlooking the Latin Quarter and Notre-Dame, was lovely--a great place to sit in the evenings, drink absinthe, and watch the sun set. I didn't travel to Paris to sit in a hotel room and so didn't mind the small quarters at all; it's worth it to me to pay around $110 a night for a clean, well-run, centrally-located hotel so I can spend the rest of my money on...having fun in Paris. The hotel is located near several metro stations and within walking distance of Notre-Dame and St. Germain-des-Pres. At the foot of Rue Monge, where it runs into Boulevard St. Germain, there are several stellar √ã√\u2022√ñpiceries (I say this as a budget traveler who didn't want to eat every meal in a restaurant). There's also a grocery store and laundry on the same block as the hotel, as well as bakeries and inexpensive caf√ã√\u2022√ñs nearby. The setting is that of an urban neighborhood, not a tourist destination, and I liked this. There is a computer available for use in the lobby, though you can't sit down at it; I went to an internet store around the corner most of the time, as I needed to spend around an hour a day on a computer, but it was still very convenient to have the lobby access to quickly check email. The Hotel R√ã√\u2022√ñsidence Monge is an excellent base of operations for a traveler who wants impeccable accommodations without paying hundreds of dollars a night. I don't think the hotel would be as good for parents traveling with kids, but for the individual or couple it's ideal. It is a friendly and well-run place and I am already nostalgic for my balcony view of Notre-Dame... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":317,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":311}]}