{"text":"Served its purpose My husband, daughter and I just returned from our stay at The Waikiki Beach Marriott. As the title of my review suggests, this property served it's purpose. It has a wonderful location across the street from Kuhio Beach and just about any where you wanted to go eat or do in the Waikiki area was within walking distance ( a good way to burn off some of those calories). We did not encounter any noise from Resort Quest as mentioned in other reviews. The nightly entertainment was good.  What keeps this property from getting an above average rating or better is that some of the employees were barely luke warm. Our best luck with concierge was with the male concierge people, one woman in the concierge desk (the K building) could not have been more uninterested in helping with anything. My husband and I inquired about going to pearl harbor and she struggled to write down that there is a shuttle you could take. She is clearly unhappy in her job We got more info from the woman at the time share desk next to her than from G. If you want good info with good service, stick with the concierge desk next to the check-in desk. The gentlemen here were very happy to help whether it was advising us on how to best get to Diamond Head for a hike or for dinner reservations unlike the other woman at the desk in our building Speaking of checking in, we had booked an ocean view room. What we were assigned was a partial ocean view room (which the picture I took from the balcony matched the digital picture frame at the desk for this category). After what was like haggling for a car (the desk person kept going to a back room) we finally were upgraded (at our expense no less) the next day. I had even called my travel agent and was told that the reservation manager was to call me (no phone call). My husband and I figured that this was because they avoided calling us as the travel agent would have negotiated a better price for the upgrade and since there is a six hour time difference from where our travel is (EDT) and the hotel, we probably didn't get the better price. Just a point of reference, when booking a room(s) along with the better room, better view, the beds were bigger. We went from full size beds to queen size and given that husband is a big guy (~ 230 lbs) this was well worth the price for me. You wouldn't think you would have to call a hotel directly to discern the finer points of the rooms but this is what the desk person told us we needed to do in the future so as not to get in a repeat situation.A small sticking point to be aware of is that given the one way streets in Waikiki, what I found less than satisfactory is that when you are being dropped off at the hotel, you are brought in the rear entrance. Not a problem when you are coming from dinner but when you arrive after a very long day of travel from the east coast and you would like help from the bell hops, there are none on this side to help you when you arrive. They do help you when you leave though.The gym here is small given the size of the property. It is very crowded in the morning but in the afternoon (~ 4pm) no issues. The web site mentions a complimentary membership to 24 hour Fitness. They (meaning the hotel) didn't offer (including the book on the desk that tells you about services offered the hotel) and I didn't ask. This was our second trip to Oahu and we felt the service was much better at the Hyatt down the street than at the Marriott. ","annotations":[]}