{"text":"Highly Recommended the Affinia Dumont We decided to book the Affinia Dumont, after reading MANY hotel reviews for NYC. We spent 5 nights there with our 7-year old son. My husband took the train each morning to work-related meetings in NJ. My son  I spent our days exploring NYC. This was our 1st time in the city and we had no problem figuring out the subway\/transportation system and had an absolute blast! I am a very picky traveler - I must say the Affinia Dumont was one of the best hotels, overall, that we have ever stayed in. We had been warned about the size of hotel rooms in NYC, but our room at the Affinia Dumont was by no means small. There was ample storage space, which enabled us to unpack for the entire week. The full kitchen in our room was over-the-top!! We did some grocery shopping a few steps away, which enabled us to eat in for several meals. It was relaxing to wake up and not have to worry about getting dressed to go out 1st thing in the morning. If we wanted to grab a quick lunch or snack...it was at our fingertips! Our 1st day in NYC brought rain. My husband took the complimentary umbrella in our room, for his morning commute. The Bell Hop was quick to offer my son  I umbrellas for our day out. Which brings me to my next comments - kudos to the absolutely WONDERFUL Bell Hop and front desk attendants. They were exceptionally friendly and very, very helpful. We brought along a portable DVD player, but forgot cables to connect it into the TV in our room. My husband went to the front desk to see if we could get cables; the front desk attendant sent a technician up to our room within minutes with a DVD player. He connected it and made certain it worked before he left. I also made use of the fitness center, which was also very well-equipped. There is also a self-service laundry, which came in handy, on the basement floor. We would most definitely stay again at the Affinia Dumont!! The rooms were fantastic and the staff was outstanding!! ","annotations":[]}