{"text":"Solid business hotel, good service, rather small rooms I stayed for a business trip in Tokyo at the Hilton from 6 - 25 July. Booked an Executive Deluxe Room.Arrived early in the morning, after an overnight flight, at around 10h30, check in the Executive Lounge, offered immediately early check-in, just had to wait for about 30 minutes for my room since it still had to be cleaned, but was at 11ham in my room. Very good to start, since I am HHonors Gold member they offered me additional amenities. So far so good.The rooms are on the smallish side since the hotel has been build in the eighties and at that time rooms were rather build on the small side. In particular the closet space is limited, in particular if you are there for a longer stay. Combine this that my wife joined me for about a week, our closet space then was really limited. Bathroom is also very small, but adequate with a shower which had a very good pressure. Oh if you member of HHonors and if you book a single room, they let a second person stay for free in your room.Housekeeping service always was prompt and good. The Executive Lounge is ok, the food offering was adequate and the drinks during the cocktail hours plenty, but they offer the whole day free soft drinks, coffee etc. One of the big pluses of the Executive room is that they also offer free wireless internet in your room and not only the executive lounge - extremely convenient.Nevertheless one negative of the lounge is, that since the Hilton has 6 Executive Floors, the lounge in particular for the cocktail hour is not only too full, but plainly overcrowded sometimes.Restaurants at the hotel are of good quality, but pricey. Their teppanayaki restaurant (Teppan Grill) is highly recommended, the food and service is wonderful - but you will pay a lot. Lets say a good dinner (teppanayki menu + wine) will run 500 USD for two persons.The hotel also offers a free shuttle to Shinjuku Station every 20 minutes from 7am - 10 PM, which is extremely convenient.Overall a very good business hotel with some minor weaknesses, would not hesitate to stay again there. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1255,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1249}]}