{"text":"Paradise ...Almost I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Paradisus Palma Real in Punta Cana. This is a beautiful resort. The facilities are modern, as this resort is less than one year old. That said, I was expecting more from it due to this fact. Two years prior I had stayed at the Paradisus Playa Conchal (Costa Rica). The older Costa Rican resort was better maintained. Our suite was equipped with a widescreen flatscreen TV, a Jacuzzi tub, and a king sized bed. Our stay started with an extremely humid musty room. We thought that by running our air conditioner that we would be able to dehumidify the room. It was disappointing to discover that the sheets, and eventually all our clothes took on a musty smell as well felt damp to the touch. I am not sure if this is a local condition, or isolated to the hotel. Our mirror in our bathroom looked like it had been scratched with something, as it had brown scrapes through it. Not something one would expect from such a high end resort this new. The jacuzzi tub obviously had an accident after installation. Our tub had already had a patch job done to it. The rooms are decorated with artwork, with frames with a fabric border. I'm not sure if it was a humidity issue, but there was the start of mold growth on the fabric. The room safe took 3 attempts from the hotel staff to get to work., The safe requires the room key to reset the combination. The facilities are incredible. The lobby, and pool area present incredible. We really had no complaints with the resort other than the annoyances from the room. The food in the restraunts was great. We sampled all of them. The room service food quality lacked consistency from order to order. Although, the food was tasty, I found that the exact same order tasted different on more than one occasion.The hotel staff were incredible. Service was top notch. Prepare to be pampered. Other members complained about smoking. We requested a non-smoking room. I sense that all rooms have the ability of being a non-smoking room or smoking room. It defeated the purpose of having a non-smoking room when the rooms on both sides of us had smokers. And, as mentioned earlier the smokers smoke everywhere here. ","annotations":[]}