{"text":"Room not up to snuff for Sofitel brand Poorly designed room - virtually no storage space for your clothes. No chest of drawers or armoire. Limited closet space was taken up by the safety deposit box, ironing board and luggage rack. Two bathrobes took up further space, leaving only 3-4 hangers for your clothes, while the shelf above was too high to be used and, in any event, was filled with extra pillows and blankets. Minute corner shelves were filled with an iron and a shoe mitt. Every day I had to unpack my suitcase and repack everything in the AM, as there was nowhere else to put my clothes!Lots of wasted space in the room. Built-in bookshelves contained glass vases, which took up valuable space that could have been used for drawer space. Mirrors behind the shelves and on the wall facing the bed were disconcerting to look at. You felt as if you were sleeping in someone's living room, not a hotel room. Roll-up window blinds took forever to roll up or down - there were two layers, so it took twice as long. The TV was placed at a perpendicular angle on one of the bookshelves (on the side of the room), so you had to twist your neck to watch TV in the evening.Lots of sharp edges in the room, particularly the cabinets housing the barware and mini-fridge. Watch your elbows!Bathroom has lots of granite, but little counter space. Hand\/face towels, glasses and hotel toiletries took up most of the limited counter space. Barely enough room to put down your toothbrush. Shower stall had two plastic soap holders - obviously dysfunctional, as a third metal shelf was added to hold the soap, shampoo, etc., but the metal shelf still jutted out at a downward angle, causing the shampoo to fall off - and you had to be careful not to scrape your elbow against the shelf. If you turned the shower head away from the shelf, you risked leaking water outside the shower stall. There is no ventilation in the bathroom, so if you wish to do hand laundry, it is pointless to hang it on the clothesline in the stall, as the door bumps into the clothesline if you leave it open, so you must close the door and shut off all air to the wet clothes. You could try leaving the glass shower door partially open, but you might accidentally walk into the door if you want to use the toilet in the middle of the night.The queen size bed is actually two twin beds joined together, so have fun sleeping in the middle of the crack. Also, the left side of the bed sagged terribly - too many heavy people have evidently left their mark on this bed.Finally, the hotel is located in the central business district, which is DEAD at night. Nowhere interesting to dine (except for the Bligh restaurant, which apparently belongs to the family that manages the Sofitel).Overall, this stay was a huge disappointment, and whoever designed the interiors fell far short of the goal of customer satisfaction. I will not stay here again. ","annotations":[]}