{"text":"Good Holiday Our journey to Punta Cana was plain sailing however you have to be prepared to pay $10 to enter into customs. Once at the hotel it all looked very nice. We were disappointed when we were shown our room. We had booked the standard double room. It was very basic and dated. The bathroom had rust around the doors and the taps were coming away from the wall. On the first day we noticed there were ants all around the bathroom sink. We had to call reception 4 times throughtout the day to arrange someone to come and spray the area. They came in the evening and sprayed the whole room and we were left to sleep in the smell. We also had a problem when the toilet flush broke and again had to chase the reception staff to get it fixed.The best rooms are in block 7. They charge $50 a night to upgrade. The pool and the surrounding areas were very nice and clean but you have to be prepared for all the children to be in the adult pool. They have daily pool based sports. You collect the towels on the beach and some days there were no clean towels. We had the same problem with our room where there were no clean towels. Again we had to chase the reception staff to arrange for these to be provided. When you arrive you should book your meals straight away. We left it to the second day and was told everything was booked. We finally managed to get a booking at the American Grill but had to wait until 9.45. If you do not tip the waiters the service that you get is really poor. The first night we did not leave a tip and when we returned we did not even get shown to a table. We were treated very well once we started tipping. The food was ok. It was not great. You only get the national alcoholic drinks as part of the all inc. If you want international drinks they are charged at $7 each. The excursions are worth going on especially the quad bikes but be prepared for a long bumpy ride getting there. Do not bother with the meal for 2 on the beach. The food is not great. We had this and our table was put in the dark and we could not even see each other. We had to asked to be moved under a light. Overall we had a good time. We would go to the Dominican again but we would not stay at this resort. ","annotations":[]}