{"text":"More like the C-hotel- And don't fly British Airways!!!!! So, my best friend and I have planned a trip to Barcelona for five months. I read some great reviews about this hotel on tripadvisor and decided to book it for a few reasons. One, the room was fairly cheap and I heard that it wasn't too far from the city center to worry about transportation. But, BEWARE!... while the hotel itself is nice and modern there are a few setbacks. First, the severly non-chalant attitude of the front desk is particularly frustrating. British airways lost our luggage [do not fly this airline! They have lost thousands of bags since the terror scare and they are doing nothing to accomodate those who are without clothes, medication, toilettries, etc-my friend and I had to buy all that stuff in Barcelona when we should have been sightseeing and buying souvennairs] and we informed the front desk that we were expected our luggage-if found- to be dropped off at the hotel. They wrote this down and took note of our unfortunate situation. We spent FOUR nights at the hotel and on the morning we checked out- they forgot to give us a wake up call, therefor we almost missed our flight to Malaga AND when I told them that my luggage was still missing, they all of a sudden remembered that luggage HAD BEEN delivered- it's was my friend's. They had it for TWO days and did not tell us. Even after we specifically told them that we were expecting our luggage. What did we get for an apology....a shrug of the shoulder and a oh, sorry about that. Totally not acceptable. Now, the hotel is located five minutes from the city center. The metro is a three minute walk and the airbus from the airport stops at the square where the hotel is located. Cabs are anywhere from 10-12 euro depending on where you're going. Oh, and the lights are -- to figure out and they don't believe is clocks. That is why we almost missed our flight besides the complete incompetance of the front desk. Don't stay here unless you absolutely have to. There is no night life and there is construction every morning outside of the hotel at the bullring. B- hotel is a BUST. ","annotations":[]}