{"text":"So-so experience... We went to the Grand Paradise from Nov.27th to Dec.4th. That was our second trip to Punta Cana. We were 2 couples. Before we left, we asked to have our room near one of each other so we wouldn't have to run everywhere to meet each others with king bed. When we arrived, we were (15:00) we were told that our room wouldn't be ready before at least another hour so we could go to the restaurant and eat a bit before getting our room which we did. A bit later we've received the keys to our room. To our surprised, we had 2 room (same floor) but with no king bed. Instead, two double beds. My friends also got two double beds. We went to the front desk, after a couple minutes asking for rooms with king bed they finally found one. My friends had to wait the next day to get it. Bad thing is we had to be on different floors but we wouldn't mind that. Those problems behind us, we were ready for the beach, sadly rain was also ready for it... 2 days later we were able to go to the beach and take some sun. We were hoping that all our bad luck was behind us. Which of course, wasn't the case... That 3rd night my girlftiend called me in the bathroom asking which kind of bug was on the floor. Thanks to some TV shows that show the worst of thing, I recognized a cockroach. We closed our bags, check everywhere to make sure that it was lost and just looking for his way back out of our room and it didn't left any friends or anything in our room. Next day, our friends on second floor had a visitor. Another cockroach... We then knew it would not be the end of those happy encounter In fact there were another one for me and two for my friends... Still ready to pass some great time we decide to go foward and get some good time. We wanted to go to Saona Island. After a brief talk with our travel agent rep. she had us convince to talk the Catalina excursion instead... Bad Idea! We were told that we were going on a catamaran, stay on the island for 2+ hours and back on the boat but nothing of that happend. Instead it was like a pontoon, stayed on the beach for an hour and head back in a bus (not from marina but 1hours further the marina) which gave us a 5hours bus ride, 1hours boat ride, 1 hours beach and 30 mins horseback riding with no instruction how to ride a horse (not made for people scared of riding a horse). Should have stayed with Saona....Finally, we had some sunny days, alot of wind, which prevent us to do anything in the sea because of the red flag all week. Might be because of the rain but most of the staff was grimpy. Not much games or activities. The food was good the a la carte was good. We went to the Asian, Italian, Grill and International restaurants. All were good but the Grill was definitly the best one. The buffet was also good. Didn't had to go too often but everytime we had a good meal. In conclusion, we had a good time because we really need vacations. People looking for a flawless vacation should pass on this place. Knowing what Punta Cana had to offer after my previous stay at the Riu. I must admit, I was disappointed. We were hoping for a better time but we tried to get pass all those problems and enjoy our stay. Which we did but would not return nor recommend it. ","annotations":[]}