{"text":"A NYC nightclub at the beach We heard so much about this hotel, we had to check it out. We had a decent deal through the hotel's website (5th night free), and our room was upgraded on arrival from Garden Lanai (which are the only rooms still not renovated) to the tower with a partial view. We faced east, so while we did see the beach and ocean, we saw more of the dirty, buzzing rooftop of the rest of the hotel. However, the rooms facing west (the pool) also had their share of rooftop to look over. We had some airport noise, but really didn't notice it after the first night.Room decor was ultra modern, not warm. But the bed and bedding were very nice and comfy!Housekeeping was inconsistent. Once our towels were changed in the evening, but never again. Once our bed was turned down at night. Once we received hand towels. Once we received washcloths. Porters were excellent, helpful and full of good suggestions and advice. Front desk staff was accomodating. The concierge helpful.Rocking lobby. Live music, 4 bars, lots of seating- perfect people watching setting. Strict dress code in center lobby bar. No shorts, no sneakers. However, just sit at a table outside the inner circle and wear what you like. The locals, though, really dress up. There is dancing whenever and where ever the band plays! Fun atmosphere.Great lounge chairs and other seating by the pools (we loved these round beds shaped liked clamshells). And plenty to go around. Plenty of hammocks also. Chairs and umbrellas set up on beach at your request for no extra charge. Only a few vendors, not too disturbing. The only thing annoying was the LOUD house\/club\/lounge music with the most repetitive rhythm playing EVERYWHERE: the pool, the beach, the elevator, the hallways, the restaurants, the bathrooms. Awful! Although there were a few children at the hotel during our stay, I would not call this a family hotel. Because of the party atmosphere, it attracted many spring-breakers some of who, unfortunately, were in the rooms next to us. They were drunk and rowdy on Friday night. The hotel sent security up right away and they quieted down, but didn't prevent a repeat on Saturday night. ","annotations":[]}