{"text":"Disappointment The Muse was a big disappointment. RODENTS! There was a mouse in my room on my first night!!! Since it was after midnight, I had taken a sleeping pill, and had a huge exam the next morning, I chose not to make a huge fuss and simply moved my trash can (where it had gone into a plastic bag with food inside) into the hallway. When I got back to the hotel the next evening I told the front desk. Barely apologetic, they moved me to a different room, which was smaller, and nonsmoking (though I had originally booked a smoking room). No discount, no upgrade! Exhausted and in no mood to switch rooms again or put up a fight, I resigned myself to posting this review. OTHER PROBLEMS My phone line was blocked in my first room and I could not receive incoming calls. They sent an engineer to my room, who then told me it was an issue at the front desk. The front desk then called up-- turns out they'd had my phone line closed the whole time.No slippers were provided -- I had to call twice before any were brought to my room.The exercise bike in my first room had a broken monitor. My first night, the featherbed had tons of little feathers that poked through the (worn) sheets. The bed the second night was better.SERVICE: Aside from the problems listed above, the service was just OK. No doorman to help flag taxis. There was one woman who was very friendly but the rest of the staff seemed aloof and reluctant to help. I am still shocked at how poorly they handled the mouse situation. DESIGN: Though the rooms were large by NYC standards, the hotel simply isn't worth it. The aesthetic was also just OK -- the rooms were very dark and the furniture was just passable. This is a midrange boutique hotel. Nothing special in terms of design. 'FOOD: The $30 roomservice American breakfast was also underwhelming. Though my eggs were cooked perfectly, the potatoes were terrible. The room service menu overall is limited and I chose to order delivery from a local restaurant off of menupages.com instead. BETTER PLACES TO STAY FOR SIMILAR PRICES: I recommend the Hudson which has similar rates and is not too much further uptown. Though the rooms there are tiny, they are clean, and well designed. I've stayed there several times and have never had a problem and always enjoyed my stay. If a big room and King size bed is important to you, try the Benjamin. More expensive, but it is everything the Muse wishes it could be! ","annotations":[]}