{"text":"Staff with attitude We booked this hotel months ago for a three night stay on our way home from New Zealand. As we would be arriving at 6am I called the hotel and asked if it would be possible to book a day room so we could check in straight away, they informed me that they dont offer day rooms but suggested that I book for the night before that way my room would be ready on arrival. I did this and got email confirmation. At this time I also checked that they could accomodate the 4 of us (2 adults  2 children) in the room as their website allowed me to book this but wanted to double check, they stated no problem with that.On arrival we were met by staff with attitude at the front desk, there were three staff on duty and they were just chatting amongst themself and kept us waiting for quite some time before dealing with our booking. They then just announced that we hadn't bothered to show up the night before so they would be charging us for missing a night, we explained that we had been told to do this so we could guarantee a room. We were told sorry no rooms come back at 3pm! When pushed they said that they could get a room ready for 9am but they did not have room for 2 children and 2 adults in the room, but as a favour to us they would upgrade us to a suite with a waterview and the children could share a bed! By this time we just needed to sleep so registered our disapointment and got sent to the cafe to wait.After going back to the desk several times we finally got our room just before 10am.We cant fault the room in any way, it was beautifully clean and well equiped with towels and toiletries. The bed as everybody else has stated is rock hard but we slept well.Breakfast is good and the staff in the breakfast room are very friendly and helpful. The food the kept well stocked even on the Sunday which was very busy.The chinese resturant in the hotel will not allow you to charge food to your room despite information in the room pack to say you can. The staff weren't the most pleasent we came across but we got a meal which was pretty good.The hotel's location is fine, its just a tram journey into town and the tram stops just outside the hotel. Taxi are very cheap if you need to get somewhere quicker.Its a shame that bad mannered checkin staff let the whole hotel down. We would not stay again for this reason alone. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1857,"mention":"chinese","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/P%C3%A2t%C3%A9_chinois"],"startOffset":1850}]}