{"text":"Beautiful Resort!, but he beach...not so much My cousins and I (all girls) stayed at this resort from June 24th to July 1st. This was the closest resort to the airport, it only took us 20 mins by bus to get there. The lobby was immaculate. Beautiful well polished floors and plenty of sofas to lounge around in.Buffet: There are 2 buffets. The Gran Buffet is HUGE!!! Lots of food selection. The smaller one didn't have as big of a selection.A La Carte: We booked for all four, but only went to 2. You pretty much get the same food as the buffet except it takes longer for them to bring it to you. Pool: I've always been against going into the pool when there is a beach in reach, but this pool was GIGANTIC! Beautifully decorated with Palm trees. I preferred the pool to the beach at this resort.Beach: We went during low season so didn;t have trouble finding a hut. The beach was okay except for SEAWEED. Not so much long strands, but short (~4inches) strands of seaweed everywhere. They work very hard to clean up the beach, one guy pushing a wheel barrel, one guy raking and another picking up the piles of seaweed. Also scuba divers removing the seaweed from the ocean floor.Rooms: We did not spend very much time in the rooms. A\/C worked fine. We had a room in Villa 6 which was close to the pool and beach but far from the Gran buffet and front reception. Every room has a large bathroom with a big bathtub for 2 which we only used one night.The fridge is restocked everyday with big bottles of water, beer and pop.There is also a hammock on the balcony.Misc Info:-there is a professinal photographer who comes around everyday with something different (parrots, monkey, iguana...) You only have to pay for the pictures you like ($8US each)-if you are calling home to Canada, the phone in the internet room is cheaper to use than buying a phone card ($20 for 24 mins or ~57 cents a minute)-Excursions: we recommend the Bavaro runners. Very good experience. Read more at Bavarorunners.com-Mamajuana= Dominican VIAGARA- BUY THIS AT THE RESORT! It is much more expensive at the airport.-Disco every night from 11pm to 2am. Check out the line dancing too!-Friday the market comes to the resort. Be prepared to bargain! There prices can be marked up by 4 times or more! So if something is $10, offer between $2.50 to $5-If you want to drink from a coconut, there is a little stand down the beach. If you're facing the water, turn left and walk until you see the stand. Most likely someone will pull you over to look at the EXPENSIVE souveniers. Ask them where you can get coconuts and they'll offer to grab it for you . Make sure you settle on a price first! They tried to bully us into paying $5 for EACH coconut. I told them I'd give them $5 for all 4 or I'd just leave. So $5 it was. They'll cut it open for you, just grab a straw from the snack bar or any bar.- We were going to upgrade to the Royal Side, but after seeing our rooms, we decided it wasn't necessary. The regular side also has a swimup bar and everything else you need. If you do want to upgrade, its an extra $25 a night or $20 for 7 days.Things to bring:-sunscreen-mosquito repellant and after bite-thermal mugs-water shoes (the bottom of the ocean can feel really gross)-lots of dollar bills for tipping-camera and charger!, don't bother with the water camera for the beach-its too cloudy.-salt and pepper packets (the ones they have there look really gross)-pepto bismol, tylenol, any other medication you think you might need-big safety pins for your room key, and a key chain for your safe key -sunglasses and hat ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3377,"mention":"pepper","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dr_Pepper"],"startOffset":3371}]}