{"text":"Okay, but not great; overpriced My husband and I stayed here for 11 days in November. It is on the corner of the Oosterpark, with easy access to the tram for travel to other parts of the city. When you enter the lobby it looks nice with an elegant old marble staircase. The desk staff is very helpful and do speak English.  We were given a room on the top floor, number 200 right next to the door entering the hallway. So we heard everyone who came down that hall. It also faced the nightclub, so on friday and saturday nights you could hear the music and people late into the night (1am friday night and 4am saturday night). It was very small with two twin beds pushed together and a small desk and plastic chair under the eves. There was barely room to walk around 1 side and the foot of the beds as they were pushed into the corner of the room. The ceiling sloped down and the window was in the sloping part. For a closet there were 2 narrow grey metal gym lockers. The color scheme was white only. The television was mounted up by the ceiling, at an angle from the bed, so you got a crick in your neck. The bathroom was small with a sink, toilet, and shower only. The grout between the tiles was mildewed. There was nowhere to put your soap etc. in the shower except on the floor. The style of toilet made it rather smelly when you used it.Our heater (old style radiator) wouldn't adjust and didn't seem to be on so we were cold the first couple of days. Then it came on during one night, so maybe the hotel had just turned the heat on?Finally we had enough and asked for a different room. They gave us one on the first floor (would be called the 2nd floor in the US), #107. It was roomier with a double bed you could walk around both sides of, and a wider desk with 2 chairs. It had a large window opening into a courtyard. The bathroom had a separate door for the toilet, and was much less mildewed. The heater worked nicely; in fact we had to turn it off at night. For some reason we didn't get some of the television channels we got in the other room.Although it was in the middle of the hallway, the hallway echoed and when anyone closed a door the whole wall shook. Even though it didn't face the nightclub, we discovered that it was above a meeting room. One night there was a group meeting and there was music and voices late into the night, and tables being moved at 2am. My husband work earplugs and was okay, but I can't sleep with them in.The more expensive rooms were a bit nicer looking, with real closets. The ones we saw were split level with the bed up a very steep staircase. So if you have issues with stairs, especially if you want to go to the bathroom during the night (downstairs), it may not be good.The food was okay in the restaurant although a bit pricey. There was a different menu, slightly cheaper, in the bar. Service in both places was quite slow.We're coming back to Amsterdam in the spring for an event in the same area, so we're going to try the NH Tropen Hotel which is on the other side of the park. It's newer and looks like it may be more comfortable, and costs a bit less. ","annotations":[]}