{"text":"Not Good...... Unless You Like Spiders, Wall Cracks, Lip Singers NOT GOOD UNLESS YOU LIKE SPIDERS, CRACKS, LIP SINGERS!!! My wife and I are experienced travelers and booked our trip through Apple Vacations. It was called a square deal...so we did not know what resort we would be staying at until we arrived at the airport. We where guaranteed that we would have a Certified 6 Golden Apple resort. However once we reached Sunscape The Beach we realized that Certified 6 Golden Apple obviously didnt mean what the travel agent and Apple Vacations said it means. Our room was on the first floor with a walk out to the very nice pool. Whats wrong with that you ask? The door didn't close properly and had half inch gaps on the sides and even larger gaps for all of the insects you could think of to walk in our suppossed Certified 6 Golden Apple room. We thought we could prevent this with bug spray 100% DEET! and towels stuffed in the door when we were gone....Not so much. Not one night went by that we didnt have to kill at least 3 spiders and even more misquitos. Malaria anyone?? Good thing we were already on preventative malaria meds!! Since this was suppossed to be our honeymoon we spent sometime trying to be romantic....too bad the large CRACK in our ceiling, and what appeared to be some sort of bugs nest on our ceiling ruined the mood. The garden spider we found in our bed didn't help matters much either on day 3!! Their satelite tv kept on going out and asking us to Pay Now for service every 30 minutes. ......WHY WOULD YOU BE WATCHING TV YOU ASK?? Well after the sub par dinner experience every night they had a themed show that involved lip singers, bad dancing and a horrible magic show. David Copperfield with a mullet anyone? The point is there was nothing to do after dark, the disco smelled like a port-a-potty and unless you where trying to work on your ping pong skills into the wee hours of the next morning, your only other option was to go outside and get harrassed by the vendors all selling the same turtle figures and cheap paintings. The good news was that the entertainment staff, and overall all of the staff where very friendly! During the day was a good time because the pool was VERY NICE. The ocean was nice to look at but due to rough waters and a rocky shoreline you couldnt walk out more than 10 feet. ........In summary; if you enjoy laying in the sun and resorts that make you feel like you got dropped off at 6th grade camp.....followed by the feeling of 'when are my parents coming to pick me up so I can get out of this prison....THEN go to Sunscape The Beach Punta Cana......If you are looking for a romantic getaway, or a real carribian vacation then DONT go here. I recommend St. Martin, St. Thomas, and Sandals Resorts.....Happy booking folks! Oh and did I mention this hotel is becoming Dreams Resort in December of 2k7!!?? ","annotations":[{"endOffset":89,"mention":"LIKE","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Like_Cola"],"startOffset":85},{"endOffset":625,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":621}]}