{"text":"Save your money; This place has problems We stayed here from May 16th - May 20th as part of a business trip that was won. This place is all inclusive but we hear that is going away. This place has some major problems. It could be so much better with a little work. Here's our story: We checked in and our room on the 1st floor was terribly musty. I read the previous reviews so I knew this may happen. Before we unpacked we called and they offered to Bomb the room with some spray that I knew would not work. They brought a service AC guy who played the acting part and acted surprise about the smell and said the AC was not working but I knew better. We told them to change our room and asked to move up to a 2nd floor room which was better I figured just like your basement often can have a musty smell. It was still musty but better. Still the keys did not work and they had to go back to get new keys. All of this before we even got started. I notice on the thermostats in the room it has a motion detector that the hotel can use to save energy by turning up or off the AC when no one is in the rooms to save money. That is why I am assuming the rooms are musty are that they don't run the AC enough as I asked our friends and their rooms were must y also. The next issue was the restaurants. Only a few were open. Romantico was under construction; another one by the ocean was closed so it was down to basically 1 or 2 places to eat. The problem is you are far away and stuck at the resort unless you rent a car or take a taxi. We ended up eating at the same place for 8-9 meals as thats all that was open. The service was spotty; you had to keep reminding them to bring you water or something they missed. The food was so so. I never saw any managers which is why I think this place is hurting. The staff is doing its best with what it has to work with. They do not have enough people to serve and no one is there managing them. If they had managers at each restaurant and at key places around the hotel it would be so much better. Avocado's was fair to good and so was Bamboo. The rest were not rated highly. They served steak one night and said they had no steak knives but the next night they would. Go figure ! Our bathtub was clogged and drained very slowly so you had to take showers in a pool of water. We asked our friends and some had the same issue. Our room lamp was broken and they had to tape it up. The porch had red ants that were biting. The checkout line during the rush time in the morning had only 1 person to check you out. I could go on. The drinks were all included but they measured 1 shot max for every drink so you never could get buzzed. I stuck with beer so I knew what I was getting. Good things included the grounds, landscaping, pool and pool bar and the bell hop and casino bar. The best was the pool.The service got better during the weekend when more people came to the hotel because they added service people. Good place if you just hang out by the pool. Other than that avoid avoid avoid. We were lucky that the company paid for everything or I would have been really steaming. The beach was unusable due to vegetation and\/or coral. Our friends went golfing for $200+ and it was under construction with backhoes and construction equipment all over. They were able to get half their money back after waiting 20 minutes to meet with the golf pro.My take; if they added managers and tried to tackle the problems this place could be so very very good. It could be a great turnaround story. The layout is great and has alot of potential. This place could easily be a Ritz Carlton if they put service first. Instead they try to cut corners and be cheap in all the wrong places by turning off AC; reducing staff levels; and not putting the guests first since all the problems were reoccuring based on previous reviews and our friends who said the same things.With new owners now they have a chance to make it better. They need to get to work. Stay away for now and check reviews in a few months or a year. ","annotations":[]}