{"text":"Unexpected jewel in Paris Hi, I travel a lot due to my work. Last may I had to spend two extra nights at Paris, and the hotel that I was living at was fully booked. Therefore I had to look for a new one. Since I was in a hurry for a meeting, I booked the Chaplain as it was the first available option I found. After a long day, I arrived at the hotel. From that point on, a feeling of quietness and easy understanding (if you have ever been to Paris you must have suffered it) got in me. The checking in process shocked me because it was not what you normally find in even higher stared hotels, it was really friendly and efficient. They even upgrade my room to a superb top floor bigger room with a little terrace where I spent a few hour just staring at incredible views from an unknown angle of the city.Room was very new, with cool decoration and an impressive paint on the wall, giving personality to the whole thing. The bathroom inside was also nice. It is easy finding leaking taps or loose hangers in other hotels, but this one was perfectly fitted.Breakfast was very nice, with good variety of delightfull French specials and service, not only at the breakfast launch but overall, excellent.Last but not least is the area. Luxemburg Gardens is one of my favourite corners in the city, not crowded with tourists and, therefore, tourists stuff such as full colour picture menu restaurants and micro Eiffel towers to sell. You get a real taste of what real locals do and live.Back home I showed my wife where I stayed (Hotel Chaplain) and got really shocked with some reviews I found. It really looked that I have stayed at a different hotel, and made me feel really anoyed, since I plan to go back there with my wife for our aniversary. I have found that most negative reviews were made back in 2007, with different management and before a hughe renewal of facilities. That is why I am writing this review, I think it is very unfair with the most positive hotel experience that I have ever had in Paris (I have been there over 10 times). ","annotations":[]}