{"text":"Not a Five Star Hotel The Halekulani on Waikiki is a five star hotel. The Mandarin Oriental in Tokyo is a five star hotel. Hotel Casa Fuster is not a five star hotel. There are three areas that make this hotel less comfortable than a Marriott.First, the design. We had a Junior Suite. There is a lttle extra room, but no curtain between the sitting area and the bed. I dragged a chair into the hallway to read while my husband was sleeping. Where do they expect you to put your clothes? There is no armoire. There are no dresser drawers. There is a very small closet that wasn't tall enough to hang even my shortest dress. It is filed with extra pilows and blankets and the totally uncomfortable hemp robes. I had a hanging bag that I attached to closet door, then had to stand on a chair to access. The rest of my clothes had to remain folded on top of a suitcase. They could have put a dresser where the totally unnecessary second television is jammed next to the bed. Exactly how were we supposed to watch the large and expensive main television? In front of the main television is a HUGE, heavy three foot round unmovable table. I stubbed my toe on it several times, but could not move it more than an inch or two. Others have mentioned the archaic keying system. There is only one key so my husband and I could not explore on our own without elaborate plans about who would be in the room and awake. That key is necessary to turn on the electricity. That means your room will be VERY warm when you return, since the air conditioning will be off the entire time you are gone, Don't expect any electrical outlets in the bathroom. I ended up curling my hair on my knees against the tall wall mirror in the bedroom. Yes, there is internet access in the room, but it took me three days to find the plug hidden behind the desk. And you better have taken your own ethernet cord. There are no instructions that access exists or how to use it in any of their literature. I spent an uncomfortable time using their reception area WiFi, because there are no sofas or tables in the lobby. just some beautiful wooden chairs.The second fault is the lack of maintenance. Three times we had to return to the front desk because our key failed to work in our door. The bathtub was a deep whirlpool tub, but the OFF switch and the volume adjustments did not work. You got a rather ineffectual splashing if the water was over two or three inches. Our room contained a permanently on lamp right near the bed. The only way to turn it off was to pull the plug. The room was so dark that you will need to get on your knees and plug in the lamp again when you are awake.The third fault is the unprepared concierge. We wanted to buy a Barcelona Card (free Metro and buses, discounts to museums) and even had a picture of it to show them. They tried to tell us where to buy a Bus Touristique card (a sad transportation system with lines an hour long even in October). They totally underestimated the time to walk to Sagrada Familia and the direction to take. They always seemed surprised that our key didn't work. They must know their system is flawed.I do want to say a few nice things about the hotel also. The bed and linens were very nice. The room was relatively quiet, if you didn't mind the children screaming in the playground next door during the day. The location was perfect for exploring the Eixample, the neighborhood with the most Gaudi buildings, and was very convenient to the Metro and several bus lines. And the best part was the hotel restaurant, Galaxo. We ate there because we were too tired to go elsewhere, but we should have gone there prepared for a feast. The food was spectacular. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":82,"mention":"Mandarin","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Mandarin_Oriental,_Hong_Kong"],"startOffset":74},{"endOffset":3156,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3152}]}