{"text":"Quirky but it grew on us. My girlfriend and I needed to take a break and chose to go to Amsterdam for a long weekend. We looked at a lot of different hotel web sites, and finally settled on the Dylan hotel. It is a small hotel with about 40 rooms in the center of Amsterdam. The hotel itself is a combination of 2 or 3, 17th century building joined by a lovely courtyard, and tucked away off the street.When we checked in we were met by a friendly hotel staff who then took us to our room. We had booked a suite, which ended up being a large loft style room, built into the roof itself. To gain access we walked up a very narrow spiral staircase. The room was very casually decorated in neutral tones with wicker furniture. It had the feeling of being at a sea resort and not in the center of a 17th century city.The lighting was a little odd, there were many small spot lights in the rafters pointing up into the ceiling. While it made for a very dramatic setting, they were not the best for general uses, like reading. The room was separated by a small wall, with a dining table on the living room side. In the sleeping area there was a large queen size bed with a TV at the foot of it and a headboard. On the opposite side of the headboard was a trough style marble sink. The bathroom was off the bedroom and consisted of a large tub and a separate shower. At first we really didnt like the room, but over the weekend it started to grow on us a little. It wwas so quiet and peaceful. When we woke up in the morning and looked up into the rafters, and heard the birds and the cool breeze through the window, it was really nice.room service was right on time, although they continued to mix up the orders. I think we made housekeeping a little nuts, as we tended to sleep in and left after the morning housekeeper finished for the day. There is was also free wi\/fi in throughout the hotel, a nice touch. As far as the restaurants go, we did not have the chance to try it, as it was fully booked. We chose to explore the neighborhoods, and got great recommendations from the concierge.The city itself is amazing, a 3 day weekend is not enough time to properly explore it, and we look forward to returning next Spring. Would we stay at the Dylan again? Yes I think so, but I think we will shoot for a different suite next time. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1897,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1893}]}