{"text":"Great central place to stay Booked directly through the hotel web site, 5 nights for aud$495 for twin share. 24hr reception, which was good for our late evening arrival, prompt and quick checkin with friendly service. Our room was clean and tidy. Have stayed twice before in Sydney, and pricing for rooms can be an expense, especially anywhere near the CBD area.Purpose of stay was purely for shopping, so wanted to be within walking distance to shopping district. This was ideal location, under 10min walk to all areas, including Paddy's market (with 2 levels of factory shops above it), chinatown district and the most beautiful Darling harbour area. Had a function at the Hilton, which we walked to in about 15mins. The room contained coffee\/tea facilities, and small fridge, together with a microwave. This was perfect for what we needed to use. There is an onsite breakfast\/lunch, and arrangements with Vibes restuarant to be charged back to your room, although we didn't venture there. The Central Railway station was so close, which we used to get around. We walked to Darling harbour and caught the ferry from there, to do the Sydney Harbour sightseeing stuff. We got an all day ferry pass for $11, so were able to go over to Luna Park, The rocks area and circular quay - just magic.Wentworth road was busy, and our room overlooked it, on the fifth floor, there was some traffic noise, but nothing of concern to us, or that kept us up at night. I think there was a large holding room for luggage behind check in if required. There was internet access (4) at the end part of the lobby, $2 for 20mins.We were two females travelling alone, and felt safe at all times. The taxis dropped us at the front door, and with the 24 hour reception I found reassuring. The room key access to the lifts also was reassuring. The lobby had a full range of information booklets with all sorts of tours, and the front desk staff were always helpful when I asked some of my million questions. The train trip out to Parramatta shopping centre was brilliant, and a full day was enjoyed there.Planning to go again next year, and will stay here again. ","annotations":[]}