{"text":"A room fit for my dog, but that is about it First, let me say that I am a big Westin Hotel fan. I love their heavenly bed and bath products and have always found the customer service to be wonderful. And, the Westin's I have stayed at when traveling with my dog have been amazing. They welcome him with no fees and it's a pretty hassle free experience (my dog is a 60lb Husky\/Sheppard Cross). This Westin was pet friendly, and when we arrived they even told us we'd been upgraded. They told us we would be on the starwood preferred guest floor with free apples and water and have some extra space for the dog, and us. Yeah! Good news.When we arrive to our room, we are thrilled with the view. We overlooked the water and had a nice sized room. But here's where the Westin really let me down:1) The carpet in the room was disgusting! Maybe this is their special dog room... but it was gross. Wear your shoes to bed kind of gross. The other Westin's never put us in gross floored rooms just because we had a dog - besides we signed a form saying we'd pay for any damages so there is no need to put us in an icky room just because we have a dog.2) The bathroom floor was dirty...hairy, fuzzy, dirty. The tub had hairs in it too. EW.3) No robes. No amenities except for shampoo, conditioner and soap. No free water that they had talked up...and after talking up the heavenly dog bed that is provided...we never got one.4) In general the room was tired and really needs a redo. But the bed was as comfortable as ever and the view was wonderful. And, we were soooo exhausted when we got to our room at 10:30pm we just made sure the sheets were clean and went to sleep.In the morning when we needed extra time they extended our check out no problem. So... I should have complained, but I also shouldn't have needed to. It's a Westin!! I won't be back and I won't recommend it unless I hear it's been renovated.A few other things you should know:1) Valet charge is $382) Location is FANTASTIC if you want to shop or go to Pike Place Market or just wander downtown Seattle.3) The concierge desk works darn hard to make you happy. I have to give them two thumbs up for their efforts.4) It's tricky to get to... so make sure you have good driving instructions and have the right road to access it from. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":731,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":727}]}