{"text":"Loved the Affinia - great location for a girls getaway! I went to NYC with 3 girlfriends for a long weekend getaway (Feb 14 - 18). NYC hotel rooms are notoriously tiny, so with 4 girls in one room, we wanted a hotel with a spacious room, and it had to be in a convenient and safe location. Affinia 50 did not disappoint! We got the studio suite, which had 2 queen beds, a kitchen, and a huge hallway where we could drop all our luggage. The bathroom was ok - fits a bathtub and a small sink (no counter). The hotel caters mostly to business travellers, so it was important for the rooms to be spacious, comfy and cozy.Good things about Affinia 50:1) The room (as discussed above) - you do have to pay an extra $10 per person per night if you have more than 2 people in the room. But since we were splitting the cost bewteen 4 people, it still came out to a very reasonable rate. 2) The location - the subway was 2 small blocks away, we could walk to Chrysler Building and Rockefeller Center along with all the Fifth Avenue stores. Many little cafes, restaurants and grocery stores if you need to grab a bite on the go. Very convenient!!3) Amenities - there are complimentary cocktail receptions in the evenings (on weeknights), a club lounge on the 2nd floor, a fitness center, and most impressively - a pillow menu! The hotel offers 6 different types of pillows for you to try to guarantee a sound sleep. We tried the Swedish memory foam and the magnetic pillow - we had a great sleep every night! 4) Service - the front desk and the bell boy were all very helpful regardng transportation, restaurants and clubbing recommendations. The bell boy even came up to look at our leaky fridge (see below) as soon as I went downstairs to complain.Not so good things:1) Kitchen - the kitchen is very convenient, but the appliances are slightly outdated. Wouldn't matter if you don't plan on cooking. We did buy some beverages to store in the fridge, and found that it was leaking on the first night. The bell boy took a look, wiped the floor for us, and said that it should be fine the next day. And he was right! We're not sure how it got fixed.2) Elevators - there are only 2 small elevators, but 8 floors in the hotel. Sometimes, you have to wait a while for the elevator to come and when it does, it's already full. Overall, the hotel was great value and we definitely enjoyed our stay here. Would stay here again next time we're in NYC! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1234,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1230}]}