{"text":"Only at the Casci My wife and I recently returned to the Hotel Casci after a previous stay three years ago. We had first read the Trip Advisor reviews that the Hotel Casci was a small family run hotel with an excellent location and offered exceptionally friendly and personal service. We read it was extremely clean and its staff was so friendly. But most important, we were impressed that so many fellow travelers had chosen to return to the Hotel Casci over the years. We found everything was so true in 2005 that we returned. However, we would be remise if we did not relate our most recent experience.My wife and I arrived at the Florence airport missing one of our two pieces of lugguge, the one containing all of my wife's clothes. We filled out the necessary claim form and were given a number to call to learn the status of the missing bag. After we arrived at the hotel and told Paolo and his mom what had happened, Paolo insisted he make a copy of the claim form and over the course of the next three days, he called the airport on countless ocassions to determine the satus of the missing bag, but he could never get a response. In the mean time, Paolo's mom told my wife where she could buy some inexpensive clothes to wear until the missing bag hopefully showed up. Paolo never did get a response to his phone calls and knowing we were leaving for Rome on the fourth day, we returned to the Hotel Casci after a third day of sightseeing and were told by Paolo's mom he had driven to the airport to see what was going on with our missing bag. While we were at the front desk, Paolo called from the airport, told us he had learned the bag was in Pisa, and made arrangements for it to be delivered to the hotel the following day in the late morning. We delayed our trip to Rome that day until the bag was delivered late that morning. However, we could have easily left for Rome that day and Paris four days later without the bag ever catching up with us. This is, indeed, a wonderful hotel run by a wonderful and caring family. Only at the Hotrel Casci. Thanks Paolo, we can't wait to return. ","annotations":[]}