{"text":"Good vacation.... Bad wedding location. I have very MIXED emotions about the Melia hotel. I have stayed there twice and have had great experiences w\/ the stays, but when problems arise they are big and once home (out of the Dominican) there is nothing you can do about them! I am a bride who wed there in December. My husband and I wanted to make sure the resort was the place for our guests so we visited the March before to check out the place. We loved it there and decided it was were we wanted to exchange vows. We had 45 guests attend our wedding bringing the resort a significant amount of revenue for the off season. The wedding planner at the resort is very overworked so getting everything planned was difficult and down to the wire. I will give her credit that she does a good job, but the support staff is lacking. Our wedding was scheduled for 4:00, but due to resort delay (they would not tell us why there was a delay) it did not start until 4:50. The day up to the point of the wedding was beautiful w\/ no weather problems. Unfortuantely for us, by the time the resort got to putting on the wedding a storm was coming in. Our wedding ended up being very wet from the rain. Due to the storm, our ceremony was about 5-10 minutes long w\/ everything cut significantly short, no video or pictures of the wedding due to the rain, and being pronounced man and wife before the exchange of vows by the wedding planner (not the minister). We stayed at the resort for about 4 days after the wedding and were not able to get anyone there to discuss the problems w\/ us. All we were told is that it was 'their' fault. We filed a formal complaint at the resort thinking we would at least be contacted to discuss w\/ no luck. We requested a refund on some of the services that we paid for, but were not provided given the weather. Through our wedding planner in the states we were able to get in contact w\/ the director of all Melia weddings and thought that we were getting somewhere w\/ our complaint. She 'seemed' understanding of the fact that this was our wedding day and was ruined by no fault of our own. Things were going well until a couple of months ago when she just stopped returning our e-mails. So..... my message to those wanting to be MARRIED at the Melia is--- DON'T do it! Even though the flowers were beautiful and it was a great resort for a vacation w\/ families and friends, the overall stress of the wedding there is not worth it. They run by their own clock. If you do decide to get married there though, MAKE SURE that all issues are resolved before leaving the resort as once you are back home you are ignored. If something goes wrong and you have a complaint, make yourself vocal. We were too understanding and were hoping that things would be taken care of when we got back. I truely believe that if we would have made a vocal complaint in the lobby were other guests could have 'heard', the resort would have taken care of the issues. We even tried to dispute the credit card payment, but due to international laws American Express was unable to assist us. Instead of the $1,000 refund due to services not provided all AMEX could do was give us a $75 credit.At the same time.... my message for those looking for an affordable VACATION, I would say GO and have a great time. The resort has a lot to offer and we had a great time w\/ our friends and family members. The grounds are beautiful and we loved the food at all the restaraunts. I have recommended people go there for their honeymoon w\/o concerns. It truely is a beautiful place. Just remember, if problems arise, make sure they are solved before coming home!!!! ","annotations":[]}