{"text":"A touch of class Stayed at the hotel over the New Year period (Dec 2006\/Jan 2007).The hotel is situated on the busy thoroughfare of George Street which runs directly down to the main harbour area (Bridge and Opera House) about a 20 minute walk but is also just a short 5 minute stroll from Darling Harbour, so in an ideal situation for exploring the city. It also has a red tourist bus stop immediately outside the main entrance so is ideal for that method of exploring the various city sites if you don't want to do too much walking.The hotel itself is a newly modernised facility inside. The reception area is a shrine to marble - floors, reception desk, walls etc, all being built in marble with an abundance of glass surroundings also. We stayed on the Executive floor which gives you access to the Exec Lounge throughout the day. Breakfast is served their for Exec customers and they also have a happy hour between 5pm to 7pm where alcoholic drinks are served along with snacks and canapes. Being honest you could almost have dinner with the food that is served during these 2 hours - it is that good and plentiful. The staff in this lounge are very friendly and go out of their way to make your stay as pleasurable as possible.The rooms themselves are a bit on the small side as far as space is concerned but not enough to make you feel cramped. This is hugely compensated by the modern technical feel of the layout and equipment spec. LCD TV, wireless internet (charge payable though) , and also the One Touch phone which you can use to ask for anything (Room Service, extra pillow, book table in restaurant, etc, etc).The batroom is large with usual amenities. Highlight though is a funky walk in shower that you could have a game of 5 a side football in !!We had dinner in the Glass Brasserie. Food was excellent. Service absolutely superb. Not used to poshing it up but this was an experience I won't forget.In and around the hotel there are plenty shops, bars and restaurants to choose from. Hotek is deirectly opposite the Queen Victoria Shopping Centre which as the name suggests is an old Victorian building but very tastefully laid out inside with some excellent boutique style shops. The highlight attraction whilst we were there was the Swarovski Crystal Xmas Tree that stands the full 3 storeys of the building. Stunning to say the least. Would highly recommend a trip down to the Darling Harbour restaurants in the evening. One of the restaurants we tried served the best tasting King Prawns I've ever tasted. It was almost as though they had jumped straight out the water and on to my plate (via the kitchen of course !!). Apologies can't recall the name of the retaurant but I would imagine they would all be of a similar standard, as competition for them being side by side, must be huge.All in all an ideal location to base yourself for a tourist visit to Sydney. ","annotations":[]}