{"text":"A perfect oasis in Florence We stayed at JK Place in late September 2006 for our wedding in Fiesole. Some of our family and close friends stayed there as well, so it became a sort of central point of reference.The atmosphere was incredibly calming - - every time I entered the building I took a deep breath and automatically relaxed. The lounge was a wonderful place to work on the computer...really easy, fast wireless and the most comfortable couches. Every time I had to sit in there and work, I really looked forward to it. The breakfast room has one big common table in it, set below a hige skylight, which gives a really intimate yet expansive feel. It is homey, but in a good way (as in if you have a really, really, really nice home).The staff was beyond wonderful. They got to know everyone in the wedding party and family immediately, even those who weren't staying at the hotel. Once I walked past the office and heard them talking about something to do with the wedding and they mentioned a bridesmaid (who wasn't staying at the hotel) by name, one staff member reassuring the other that the bridemaid had already taken care of it. It was a LOT of people coming in and out, so I thought to myself, how are they doing this? are they taking polaroids and posting them on the wall with the names underneath?. It was incredible. The whole time, they managed to maintain the quiet, soothing atmosphere of the hotel, even with all the activity.The booking department was incredibly helpful before the wedding, double checking with us about our guests needs and giving us a chance to weigh in on what would make them the most comfortable. They stored an absurd number of items for us somewhere in the back...dresses, baskets, cases of wine...any staff member could produce any item instanteneously.On our wedding day, they kept a close watch so that the groom and I didn't run into each other. It really felt like they were part of the event in such a strong way. When I came downstairs ready to leave for the ceremony, it was like we had done it together - and we had! It was beyond good service....they really cared.I said to my husband afterwards,  can you imagine if we HADN'T stayed here?. A large hotel with impersonal service? or worse, a small one with indifferent staff? I highly recommend JK Place to anyone who needs a certain level of professionalism and service during their stay in Florence. Of course, even if you are just out taking in tourist sites and shopping (a job in itself in Florence!), I promise you that every time you walk back into the hotel through the door you will say whew! ","annotations":[]}