{"text":"Fawlty Towers in the flesh Now, before I get into this review I must set out the good points first. The location is superb, cannot be questioned, and for this reason I must give the place credit. The bar is also fantastic, and was constantly buzzing with a great atmosphere throughout our 4 night stay.However, the rooms, well they were simply disgusting. I slept on a broken bed with a cushion for a pillow next to semen stained curtains. It stank and obviously hadn't been cleaned in months. We never even had the room serviced when we were there - this was a twin bed private bathroom room. As a group we had 3 of these rooms, each with their own problems, but all being filthy.Ours had the semen curtains, another was so hot it was unbearable (even though the outside temperature was only 15 degrees centigrade), and the other had urine stains on the bathroom door which led to the most dispicable shower I had ever seen. You would need to be 2ft tall and about 6 stone in weight to even fit in the thing, it defied belief.Yet to compund this, we had major problems even getting to the rooms in the first place. We decided to use the lift, as we had suitcases, and obeyed the weight and person limit. Two of us got out and went to wait at the bar for the others to drop off their bags. 10 mins went by and then I had a phone call - the other persons were stuck in the lift. They had activated the alarm, but it was a pathetic intermittent beep which could not be heard above the bar music where the staff resided, and in fact no one had realised they were stuck. This is a major safety hazard, and when Basil the owner was informed he decided to do nothing for about 5 mins since he was busy. I'm sorry but I think people trapped in a lift should take priority.Down to the bar the next morning, we were informed that we would have to move rooms for the final night, causing us unnecessary hassleThe guy was a nutter, clearly having no clue on how to run the place. It was revolting. However, the worst came the day after the holiday when I contracted an illness due to the filth of the placeMy advice, visit the bar, but DO NOT stay in the dump ","annotations":[]}