{"text":"Excellent Experience! We just returned from our week stay at the Occidental Grand in Punta Cana. I was very impressed with it! We arrived at 4a.m. and the staff were very friendly (even at this hour) My first impression was how clean the grounds were and the lobby was absolutely gorgeous. We had requested a king size bed and received this as well as rum and bottled water, pop and beer in our room (which was stocked every single day) I found the rooms to be just fine. I wouldn't describe it as run down just not 5 star North American style. You have to keep in mind that this country is not North America and you will enjoy yourself a lot more. we tipped the maids every day and found the service to be great....stocked fridge, new towls and clean bed every day. Yes we did have some water heating issues two mornings but it was very brief.The staff was very friendly. I wish I knew Spanish so I could speak their language. I found they respected people more if they knew Spanish (as I respect people more if they know English in my country)...But over all they were great. If you want a great bartender go to Wilson in the Lobby Bar. We tipped him and he remembered our drinks and treated us very well. Be ready to be harrassed to buy things off the locals. There is a market just outside of the resort. When we ventured out there we were hassled at every corner...found it very intimidating because i'm horrible at bargaining. One man wanted to follow us back to our hotel to get more money when we said we didn't have much! Also keep in mind, many Europeans...so if you're not used to Topless women and men in speedos be ready! It became the norm at the end of the week but surprising at first haha. All in all though it was a great trip. The food was amazing. Best buffet. and the A-la-carte was wonderful. didn't try the oriental but the mexican, and steak were great. The steak one was more like a brazilian steak house where they feed your meat on swords. very cool but must love meat. The Italian was ok...not my favourite.I will definitely return though! very family and couple friendly!!! ","annotations":[]}