{"text":"Great Experience, Great Location We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Prestige. It is in a great location on Paseo de Gracia, just a few blocks up from the Placa Catalunya and 1-2 blocks from two of Gaudi's apartment masterpieces.The Good: Wonderful location. It felt very safe, especially as we were concerned about personal safety (i.e. pickpocket warnings) in the old city and around Las Ramblas. We had a car and we parked for FREE in the underground parking structure right in front of the hotel (the hotel gave us a card to exit when we left). The rooms were good size and nicely appointed. Wonderful shower. Most impressive of all was the service. We had lost our luggage at the beginning of our trip (7 days prior to our stay at Prestige!) and after we notified them that the suitcases may arrive before we did, they asked us about them, then when they did arrive on our second day at the Prestige, they actually called me on my cell phone that afternoon to notify us that our luggage had just arrived 2 minutes ago. We also utilized their free and very helpful concierge service.The Bad: (1) We booked their least expensive room (168 euros\/night) and it was an internal room, which meant the only window looked onto a wall and if you cranked your neck up, you could sort of see the sky through an atrium skylight. We could have moved to an exterior room for an additional 35 euros\/night but decided against it since we weren't planning to spend much time in the room. But, it was pitch black in the morning until we hit the button to open the shade - which couldn't be controlled independently of the lights! I could not tell the window situation when I booked on their website. (2) The system of master light switches in the room were ridiculous to operate and we never could get the lights on and the shade positioned as we wanted them. My advice to the hotel, forget the fancy master switch and just install switches that your customers can actually operate! (3) Breakfast was expensive, so we skipped it for simple cafe breakfasts nearby.Overall, however, we had a wonderful stay at the Prestige and in Barcelona. We walked to Sagrada Familia (a definite must-see) then took a taxi to the Picasso Museum and walked all over the old quarter. Dinner at Cinc Sentitis (found in Frommer's) was absolutely wonderful! ","annotations":[]}