{"text":"Beautiful but watch your wallet My wife and I just spent 4 nights at the Hotel Arts in Barcelona as part of a corporate conference. At first I was uncertain about the location, being next to the pier and Marina as opposed to the centre o ftown. However, it turned out to actually be a plus, since the weather was gorgeous and it was really a pleasure having access to the pool, beach and pier. Getting to and from the city centre was never a problem, either by taxi or subway. I would say, though itÈ?ìs key to get a room with a sea view. Apparently there is construction and scaffolding for all rooms below the 8th floor, and we complained at the front desk so a very nice young man upgraded us to the 9th floor with a beautiful sea view. The room was very nice, not huge, but with a large bathroom and one of the best showers IÈ?ìve had. In general, the hotel was great. Very nicely designed, great food and excellent service with terrific concierges. BUT, itÈ?ìs a good thing our company was paying the bill since prices were outrageous. We were charged 18 Euros for a sangria in the bar, and my wife was going to have her hair done in the salon before a black tie dinner until she learned it was 120 Euros. Outrageous. The only other thing to mention is that the hotel was very busy and noisy, perhaps due to a long holiday weekend in Barcelona. Finally, out of our group of about 65 couples, 5 or 6 people were either pickpocketed or had purses, cellphones, bags stolen from them, 2 incidents happened in the hotel. Although the hotel dealt with it quickly and sympathetically, you got the feeling this was extremely commonplace. ItÈ?ìs a real shame that people had their trips ruined like this. I canÈ?ìt believe why such a beautiful city and country canÈ?ìt do something to better protect its tourists.So, enjoy Hotel Arts and Barcelona, but watch your wallet on both counts. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":675,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":671}]}