{"text":"An odd name but a good value Located right next to the Calder Race Track and up the road from the Miami Pro Player football stadium, this hotel shows that you can't judge a book by its cover. From the outside, this building does not look like it would offer much for a hotel. It's painted in an odd dark pink color. There are statues like those from a Roman bath placed around the property. I booked a room for one night through an online service because the rate was decent and the posted reviews said that it was ok. When I arrived I was concerned that I made a mistake.Once inside, I was pleasantly surprised. The lobby welcomes you. The small front desk is clean and orderly, and I was helped immediately by a courteous man. Once inside the room, I found a clean space with a microwave, mini fridge and two queen beds. The bathroom looks like it was updated fairly recently. The air conditioner has an electronic thermostat, so it was easy to find a comfortable temperature.I wanted a hotel near the Ft. Lauderdale airport so I would not have to drive very far for my early morning flight. According to my GPS, the hotel is 14 miles from the airport. That's not exactly next door, but it was an easy drive.There are several restaurants about 0.5 miles north of the hotel. There is easy access to the Florida Turnpike. The hotel entrance is on County Line Road, and entrance and exit is only possible from the Eastbound lane. U-turns are not allowed at the County Line Road intersection heading west, so turn left (south) onto NW 27th Ave. (Unity Drive) and make the U-turn there.The hotel says that it has free wireless Internet access in all the rooms, but it did not work during my visit. My room was on the third floor. When I called the front desk to ask if there was a problem, it was suggested that I come to the lobby and use it. A practical alternative, but not the ideal solution at midnight.I booked the room through Bookit.com, which had the best posted rate available.The even-numbered rooms face the race track, and if you want to watch a race from your room, be sure that you are on at least the fourth floor to clear the trees. (CS) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1427,"mention":"lane","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Lane_cake"],"startOffset":1423}]}