{"text":"Dynamite Time at the GPBR I simply love the GPBR. We arrived on time from STL. Our room wasn't ready (room 1141) until about an hour after we arrived at the hotel, but so what. We had a perfect location (close to the beach and close to all of the restaurants). This was our first time there and we were encouraged to leave our bags so we went at it. After reading the different reviews it's safe to say that some people are sort of picky and hard to please. I enjoyed the people and the food. (I must admit that I ate a little too much (indigestion), but that was my fault. We enjoyed the tram\/train. We walked a bit. Someone wrote that the tram was a joke. It was slow enough to take in all of the sights. I loved the people (especially the women) :) I was on my honeymoon as well. I picked up a few spanish words and phrases (some naughty and mostly friendly). I had a great time with the staff. The staff were very friendly.We are an African American couple and we were catered to (not because we were AA), but because we were friendly and appreciative. The beach was great. I loved the topplessness, despite not everyone being in the greatest of shape. Then again, who is. This is totally prohibited at any public beach in the US that I know of. I loved all of the restaurants. The staff seemed to try very hard to please the guests. I actually enjoyed tipping. I am willing to bet that 99% of the people from the US can't get this quality of service in the US. You may get better food, but it wouldn't necessarily be over the top better. Let's face it, you are not at home. The beef may be raised differently, the seasoning of the food is different, you can't get Budweisers there (as far as I know). Loosen up spoil sports.The people selling items along the beach can be a little annoying, but brush them off if you don't want to be bothered.I AM going back and I will stay at the GPBR. As a warning of sorts, bring money and personal items (tampons, lotion, deoderant, cameras, contact lens solution, etc., unless you don't mind paying for the items at about a 500% markup). Am I right people. Overall, we stayed from June 15 - June 22, it cost about $2100 altogether and all-inclusive (for 2 people). How can you get any better than that. If you want better food and quite possibly better accomodations, go to Europe and get your pocketbooks in order........ ","annotations":[]}