{"text":"Great Location and Hotel for a City Break We decided about a month ago to spend 4 days in New York and set about trying to locate a hotel on Manhattan island. Main issue we kept coming across was price - everything was in excess of $300 a night on average if you wanted a bathroom in your bedroom.We read the reviews on Hotel 41 and opted, having read the reviews and read the hotel website, to book online for Hotel 41. The price was around the $300 per night (just under) for the room including taxes. The rooms looked clean on the website.Arriving late we found the reception staff very helpful, welcoming and friendly. They quickly get you checked in and shown to your room. We were on the 6th floor (of 6) accessed from the one elevator - which I thought would be a pain waiting for it, but never was - it was quick and easy.The room (a superior) was better than I imagined, clean and well appointed. It had TV (with satellite tv including HBO) DVD player (and a range of DVDs at reception you can borrow - if for any reason there are not enough pursuits in NYC!!). The bathroom was also very clean, the shower was ok but seemed to take several minutes to heat up. The only issue we had was with the electrics in the room, where trying to get a pair of hair straighteners to power up via an adapter proved a real challenge. Charging cell phones was not an issue with the same adapter, but reception did advise to switch off a few things to see if that helped the flow of juice! Eventually it was resolved by carefully holding the adapter at an angle that did get some current. That was really the only issue.In the morning the hotel offers a free buffet breakfast for guests. This is plentyful and offers the chance to fill up for the day before full on sight seeing!The hotel location is absolutely superb. You are 2 minutes from Times Square yet W41 street is itself a quiet off-shoot from 7th Avenue. If you are going to NYC for a City Break then I really would recommend staying here. You have everything on your doorstep in terms of theatre district, subway access etc. You are also close enough to walk up to 9th Avenue\/54 street where from here down to 7th Avenue 44st you have a vast selection of restaurants to choose from. I would recommend in particular those around 9th Avenue - where a 3 course meal for two with drinks can be had at a Thai \/ Italian \/ Mexican for around $70. The closer you get to 7th Avenue\/Broadway\/42nd Street - the more you get the chains such as TGI Fridays etc - where the food is not as good and the price goes up considerably. Stick to the small indepedent restaurants. Eating out is a norm for New Yorkers and competition is fierce hence great quality and price in these smaller less commercial eateries.You are also close to the ubiquitous bus tours. We chose the Blue bus - City Sights. For $49 we got a hop on \/ hop off tour of Downtown \/ Uptown, a nightbus tour (including a stop a Brooklyn bridge from the Brooklyn side to take photos of Manhattan skyline at night. This also came with a free ticket for the Circle line 2 hour ferry ride around the southern tip of Manhattan and back so you see the main sights. This was great value.I would thoroughly recommend the hotel - it is in a great location ($55 fare from JFK including tips and tolls - flat rate normally is $45 from JFK to anywhere on Manhattan). The staff are very friendly and the hotel offers value for money. By night, considering the location, the rooms are not noisy and we could not hear traffic in our room.All in all - ideal for City Break. ","annotations":[]}