{"text":"Good resort!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Bavaro Princess in Sept\/06. We thought this resort was very good. We had the platinum package and we thought it was worth it. The price isn't that bad if you book it with your agent. It apparently is much more expensive if yu book it once you get there. We really liked the free room service for breakfast, as we are late sleepers and we dont have to rush to get to the restaurant before 10am. These rooms are also close to the beach which is a bonus considering the size of the resort. I thought the rooms were great! They were big, they had a fridge, and liquor dispensers, large bathrooms\/sink area. The maids were great ( even better when you give them a bigger tip )The restaurants were ok. You cant really expect much from an all-inclusive resort when it comes to food. Licey - the restaurant that is included with the platinum upgrade - was fabulous. We had caviar and steak and seafood and they treated you like royalty.The seafood restaurant was the only bad restaurant. The service is terrible and the food made both of us sick. We had an appetizer and then we both had lobster and were there for an hour and a half. The waiters ignored us, and everyone else there. Im not sure what everyone at this reataurant is lazy. Maybe they put all of the slackers at this reataurant!The main pool was great, and yes the music is loud but who cares. The beach was beautiful and you can take a walk to the other resorts and drink over there if you are platinum. And yes, they will check your bracelet to make sure that you are a platinum guest.The staff were great, always going out of their way to make sure you had everything you needed. If you found a staff member whose english wasnt that good, just find another one whose english is better. No big deal. I tried to book a spa appointment and the girl couldnt speak any english, so I found another staff member who spoke english and spanish and they called and booked my pedicure for me. The staff at the casino were unbelievably rude. I think they are told to act like this. Im not quite sure why. I guess management wants them to keeep their distance from guests to avoid them getting any 'extras'.Going shopping is a little strange if you're not use to the harassment. But we have experiences this at other resorts and know how to deal with these people. I know it can be scary but they are harmless, they are just trying to make a living. If you want anything like cigars, cigarettes, souvenirs. Buy it from these guys - NOT the gift shop on the resort. You will get it for a fraction of the price.No vacation is ever perfect - So juts try to relax and have a good time! ","annotations":[]}