{"text":"The Good, The Bad, and The Dusty The hotel rooms looked nice and everyone really liked the toiletries (Crabtree and Evelyn). Everyone enjoyed the shuttle service and the pub downstairs. Front desk staff was nice. Bell hops, valet, and shuttle drivers are the BEST! Any AV service is priced over the moon and has to be checked daily to ensure it works.The banquet menu is limited, but tasty.Everyone in my group of 30 complained that they heard someone having sex in the next room. That is not a good thing to hear when you are purposely staying at a classy hotel. I doubt 30 people were making up stories, when in fact I heard it next to my room too. This appears to be a hook-up hotel as there were even people in the bar downstairs who should have had a room. I even had one gentleman come up to me whilst I was going to my room and ask me if I wanted to hook up!!!!!! Evidently the guests at this Hilton hotel take after Paris.Some in my group even complained about bed bugs and asked for room changes. The carpets were so dusty on the 2nd floor, the gentlemen in my group had to keep on lint rolling their trousers every hour.Room service was edible, but nothing to write home about. My company recently did an event at this hotel and spent some good money at the Hilton. We did not feel as if our Company was important. RUSH RUSH RUSH..In and out. It was as if it was all about money and not building relationships for future business. Everything was the fault of the customer. Be sure to include time for set up\/tear down on your event or else they will start tearing it apart for you. They don't schedule events properly so if you are trying to do a training, suddenly you can't hear what is going on due to the fact that there is a band outside your door. Communication could have been better with the entire banquet staff. I really felt at times that my banquet manager was overwhelmed with events and could not give us her full attention, or was not allowed to.I personally thought that lower star hotels have offered better customer service, value and flexibility. Check everything twice! At one point my cleaning lady cleaned my mugs in my room by taking them to the bathroom and rinsing them (which I already did) vs. replacing them. Surely this isn't sanitary? Oddly enough, I have a cold this week. ","annotations":[]}