{"text":"OK but pricy My wife and I stayed here on 11\/14, the night before our cruise and on 11\/22 and 11\/23, following our cruise.  We arrived around 11am and check-in went very smoothly. Desk personnel were very pleasant. We used our Hilton Honor points for the first night so the price was right. Our room was ready on the sixth floor and we found the room acceptably clean. I had read somewhere that the property had undergone a 90 or so million dollar renovation not that long ago. I don't think they spent it on the rooms. There was a nice view at least.  On our return stay, we again arrived around 11am. and proceeded directly to our room, this time on the ninth floor. This time was a bit pricier. We paid $274 a night plus about another $60 in taxes. Ditto on the room condition but the hallway had a rather unpleasant odor.  The food prices were a bit extreme with Morton's being the worst. The steaks were good, I'll concede that, but let's not even talk about the $10 baked potato. I don't care how big it is, a potato isn't worth 10 bucks. I found the $15 a glass wine at my local liquor store for $23 for the bottle.  We had a free buffet breakfast one morning which was mediocre at best. Our second morning was a choice of an overpriced buffet ( $25 a head ) or order from the overpriced menu ( $15 omelets and $4 orange juice. ) Before some one replies with a typical  Hey, you're on vacation, if you don't like it stay home., let me just say that I have no aversion to spending money. I just like to get something of value in return. On the brighter side, the pool and beach were very nice. The hotel staff was outgoing and helpful. Victor the bartender was exceptionally nice and makes a mean mango colada. The cab rides to and from Old San Juan varied from $12 to $14. I think it was about $25 from the airport, I don't remember exactly.  This being our first time in San Juan, we picked the Hilton based on reputation, not location. We're not party animals by any stretch but it seemed pretty dead around the hotel after dark. We could see a hotel \/ casino from our room but when we tried to walk there, we quickly ran out of sidewalk, light and pedestrian traffic and decided to turn back. To wrap things up, I'd have to say that we have stayed at Hilton Gardens and even Hampton Inns that have been every bit as nice as this Hilton. I doubt that we would return to this location. ","annotations":[]}