{"text":"Don't walk - RUN AWAY!! I have traveled around the world, and have never met with such lack of consideration for hotel guests as I found in this hotel. I booked three nights in June, for part of a family vacation with my wife and two kids. The first night my wife and older son were kept awake until about 4:00 a.m. by the loudest possible power tools and even what my wife thought was a jack-hammer, pouding away at concrete. I thought there must've been a construction crew at the building under construction next door. I know it sounds crazy, but what else could it be?The next morning we told the hotel manager and she seemed to know immediately what it was, and she would make sure that didn't happen again. Apparently there was work going on the new woden floor.That night, we were again woken up around 2:00 a.m. to these horrible skreeching sounds. This time I got dressed and went downstairs to the restaurant and, lo and behold, there's a crew sanding the new wooden floor with the loudest power sander you can imagine, and another guy breaking a concrete wall with a jack-hammer. I had to explain that there was no way anybody could sleep with the noise they were making, and that it was 2:00 a.m. and I had a right to quiet. I then laid on the night manager - he didn't like it but desisted and sent the crew home.How is it possible to have that mindset and be in the hospitality industry? I asked to talk to the hotel owner the next day, and he couldn't find a way to sincerely apologize - like he's never said 'sorry' in his life. We were ready to leave this hotel for something else, but he promised it would not happen again, and he would not charge us for the past two nights. We'll, I guess promises don't count for much in La Playa, since they charged us the highest rate ($169) for two nights instead of the one night we had agreed upon. Needless to say, that was not compesation enough for the horrible nights we spent there.I would never go to this hotel again and I won't recommend anything about it - not the rooms, not the restaurant, with our missed meals and slow service.Go somewhere else!!! ","annotations":[]}