{"text":"the country wife I think before I mention my stay I should say how I booked my stay..as other doesn't really do it!!, my brother lives in the UK .. with the rest of my family and decided to organize some last minute Christmas shopping for my wife and I.. he knew I liked Lulu lemon clothes and so called their branch in Vancouver.. they called him back and chatted for 10 minutes, organized my clothes gift and at the end of the conversation asked the girl he was talking to to recommend a cool hotel in downtown Toronto. She said she used to live in Toronto and thought the Drake a great place to stay.. he checked it out online and booked it for me as my Christmas gift.. I then thought that I should use it as my wedding anniversary present and left my son with the inlaws and headed down town with my wife. SO thats how we came to be here..the stay was excellent.. I was surprised to learn on my arrival that Stephanie knew of my name and knew about one of my ancestors.. after 38 years of travel finally someone knew the name and was so thrilled to realize that I was a direct relation to someone she had studied, and may have even depicted some of his plays on stage.. anyway I was blown away. I think she enjoyed that too!!Stephanie, Jonathan and Jason were extremely helpful and very welcoming.. the rooms were great, service quick, food excellent.. Loved the raw bar, and the sushi was exquisite.. ( lived in Japan for 6 years) .. I recommend it highly, food in the lounge was totally worth every penny and a drink in the roof bar finished things off perfectly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting something a little more exciting than the usual hotel.. its decor is amazing.. and who could really want for more.. other reviews depict the hotel perfectly.I will be booking my brother a night when he is over on this side of the Atlantic and look forward to revisiting again sometime in the future.Thanks for the help and making our stay so excitingcheersWillGuelph Ontario and Shrewsbury England ","annotations":[]}