{"text":"David  Agree with most of the other stuff on the site, so won't bother repeating things. The only points I wanted to make were that the hotel is quite expensive, although I went in October which I'm told is 'peak' season. It's worth bearing in mind that bus journies cost E1.20 each way, and two of us were spending about E7.00 each day, which needs to be weighed up with a more centrally located \/ posher hotel. Also, whilst all the great things reported on this site are true hence my 5* rating (especially the friendliness), the decor is quite bland \/ dated (think '1930's hotel' and 'Agatha Christie novel'), but I guess that lends it charm. Worth bearing in mind when you compare against some of the more chic hotels though. The breakfast is also very basic, but I guess that's minor.In terms of tips, there are 2 buses we used to take us to the hotel. The first is Bus D, and the second number 23. Both depart from immediately outside of Florence Train station. Bus D actually terminates at Piazza Ferruci, and the hotel is right across the road from there, so best to get Bus D when you first arrive. In terms of getting home after sightseeing, we found Bus 23 the best, since it departs from right outside the Duomo (cathedral) which is in the thick of the action. You need to make sure to get the bus from the street immediately outside the Duomo (left hand side when approaching the cathedral from its front) - we got the bus from just round the corner and ended up having a trip round the suburbs in the opposite direction! Get bus tickets from any tabacconist shop.We found most of the fast food lunches in Italy terrible, especially the sandwiches. We booked for 4 nights and the hotel gave us a free lunch at Borvino (next to Ponte Vecchio bridge) and this was the best and cheapest lunch we had all trip (where all the locals go) - we were sorry we only found out about it on our last day! Note: it's very hard to find so be persistent. We hated being ripped off by outside cafes - some charged E11.00 for 2 cans of Sprite!Have fun! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1660,"mention":"sandwiches","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":1650}]}