{"text":"Absolutely Loved It. Hi,I felt it was quite necessary to write a review of this Resort as, after reading some of the negative reviews, I was quite leery about going there for 2 weeks. Well...I was quite pleased that we did. We are timeshare holders and had a lovely room with a king size bed\/table and chairs\/fridge and a private balcony. Although our room was quite near the main bldg. we did walk around the complex a few times just to get some exercise in. For older people...they might find this a long walk to get to the main bldg. and parking area...HOWEVER..there are staff that ride around on golf carts all day just shuttling people back and forth. All you have to do is call the front desk and ask them to come pick you up.  We found the food in the formal restaurant a bit expensive but the food in the Lounge was great and to our liking. We also found a great little family run restaurant in town called Beaches and would stop there on our way back from day trips. Our room was on the ground floor and I only saw two cockroaches all the time we were there. I just went to Walmart and got some coackroach traps and ended that problem. BTW Walmart is on Kunia Road off of H1. I was glad I found that as I was able to pick up a few articles that I had forgotten to pack. :)We met a lot of people while we were there and I kept asking how they found their rooms (clean\/dirty) and the only complaint I heard was that there was a small gecko in one of the bathtubs when they first arrived. THIS IS AN ISLAND AND CREATURES LIVE HERE ALSO.....expect to see some. I talked to one man that had stayed in a hotel in downtown Waikiki and he said they had coackroach traps in every corner of the hallways and rooms....so this is Island life. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and, if the service was a little slow at times....Heh,....we were in Hawaii and doing things on Hawaiian time. :) All in all, this resort was a very pleasant surprise for me and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a bit of Old Hawaii scenery and peace and quiet. The golf course was also in great shape although we only golfed once. We had our own car so did quite a few day trips. I had printed off a copy of Things not to miss for a trip of a lifetime in this forum. The tours were great and saved us a lot of money doing them on our own. People make a lot of commotion about the tents on the beaches but I found out that a lot of them are single mothers who can just not afford the high rentals of apts. so they all settle in there and watch over each others children. Of course you always have the homeless that jump on the wagon and then it starts getting overpopulated and not looking so clean. Apparently they do a Beach Sweep every once in awhile and send them off to shelters but they don't like the rules there and end up back on the beach. The old saying though is If you don't bother them, they won't bother you. As far as theft happening from your car...if you leave something valuable in your car...be prepared to not have it when you come back. This is not only an Hawaii problem but is found everywhere, just this pass week we had a lady park her car to take her 3 dogs for a walk. Left her purse in the back seat, of course, covered by her coat....and when she got back her back window had been smashed in and purse gone. Go figure..:(I guess you can tell by now that we really enjoyed Hawaii\/The Makaha Resort and all the beauty that surrounds it. I recommend it highly. ","annotations":[]}