{"text":"Loved the Resort I would give this resort a definate thumbs up. If I had to rate it I would say a 4.5. I am withholding a half a point merely because it is posh and elegant however I know there are places out there that are absolutely over-the-top extravagant! The beach was amazing, just pure sand and azure water (although I would recommend sticking to the north end as the south end does have some coral ) The pool was the best I have ever seen as it went on forever however you have to get up early if you want a chair by the pool as everyone seems to throw towels on them first thing in the am before they go for breakfast! The buffet restaurant was the best I have seen. I tried some of the a la carte's and kept going back to the buffet. Service was great at all of the restaurants and the fact that you don't have to reserve for the a la carte's was a refreshing change. Another thing that differed from most all-inclusives was that they did not require you to wear wrist bands...nice!Each room has it's own safe where you program your own code however I was listening to one couple discussing that they had money stolen from their safe...we didn't encounter any problems like that. I heard them telling horror stories about every destination they had ever been to though, so I am wondering if they do not make their own problems with their constant complaining. However hearing this I would recommend that perhaps leaving valuable jewellery at home might be a thought. At no point did I ever feel threatened, even when off the resort, as we did wander into the local market area.The check in was a little slow however we arrived with approximately 40 others so I think they did fairly well under the circumstances. At no time during my stay did I ever pass the front desk and see such a large line again. We flew in with Air Canada and things went very smoothly at the airport , boarding the bus etc. No baggage lost or any ranting customers. I was most amazed at how happy everyone was. A wonderful holiday destination. I would go back to this resort in a heartbeat. ","annotations":[]}