{"text":"Omni is very nice.... We spent 10 nights at the Omni in September and had a fantastic time. The hotel is convenietly located in the Financial district within walking distance of Union Square, Fishermans Warf etc. Our room on the 5th floor did not have a great view but was very quiet and well worth sacrificing the view for. The rooms are in excellent condition, and the maid service is first class. The staff are very helpul and courteous at all times, ensuring our stay went without a hitch. The only small complaint we have is that the one and only bar in the hotel (Bobs bar) is very small and gets very crowded from approx 5pm onwards, and getting a seat was almost impossible around those times. However it is no reason not to stay here. When we first arrived after our lengthy journey from Scotland, we were informed that our room (booked and paid for 8 months previousley) had been cancelled by Octopus travel who we had booked the room through. The hotel staff could not have been more helpful in rectifying the situation.San Francisco is well worth a visit and has plenty to offer for all. We would recommend visiting Alcatraz and taking the coach tour of the city, however book your Alcatraz tickets online as far in advance as possible to ensure you get the dates you require. We also hired bikes from Blazing Saddles and rode over the Golden Gate bridge to Tiburon via Sausilto. This is a fantastic way to see the bridge and surrounding area (weather allowing). Sausilto is a must see when you are there and can be accessed by Ferry if you prefer not to bike it, dining is recommeded at Angelino's while you are there. We also took a wine tour to Napa valley etc and would recommend this trip, with plenty of samples included in the day ensuring the hoilday spirit was flowing. Union square is packed with all the usual big name shops, but visit the hippy district at upper Haight street for some of the funkiest shops available. We visited the zoo but found it to be dated and shabby with many of the animals not available to view. Of course you must take a ride on a tram while you are there, we would advise getting a day pass for 11 bucks, which allows you to hop on and off all day at your leisure. Finally Lombard St aka the most crookidest street in the world is worth a look with camera in hand.We had 2 days of cloud followed by 8 days of glorious sunshine while we we there.Book it up, you will enjoy!!!! ","annotations":[]}