{"text":"Basic but ok My friend and I booked two rooms for two nights in June. We had never visited Barcelona before and I found this hotel through a review in a travel guide which described the location as 'a quiet street off the Rambla'. In the day it did seem relatively quiet, but in the evening a bar next to the hotel put tables and chairs out on the pavement and this was fairly busy all evening till gone 1am. I had a room overlooking the square and although closing the balcony doors shut out a lot of general daytime noise, I still found the first night (a Saturday) very noisy. We retired early as we had had a very early start and were tired, but the hubbub from next door kept me awake - relief came about 1.30am but the respite was only momentary because some hidden nightclub across the road started playing *really* loud music then until gone 4am! Even with earplugs I could not sleep and complained at the desk that I had requested a quiet room, but was told that the hotel was full and person on duty had no knowledge of reservations. My friend was at the back of the hotel but she had trouble with noise from the drains and the kitchen. We were only there for two nights and presumed (rightly) that Sunday night would be quieter, so we put up with it. On the second day the bathroom door in my room locked itself so I couldn't get in (it was one of those locks in the handle) and upon reporting the fact to reception was given a straightened paper clip by the clerk, who then mimed unpicking the lock! We couldn't do it so the cleaner was sent up and she unpicked it expertly. My friend and I found breakast 'ok' - but we didn't want much after two restless nights - and we found the rooms clean and not uncomfortable, though small. I was on the 1st floor and my friend on the 2nd. We did not expect tea or coffee facilities but I took a travel kettle and adaptor which I managed to use by plugging into the solitary plug socket in the bathroom (although I was panicking at first because there didn't appear to be anywhere to plug anything in) - and my friend had to unplug her TV to use her hairdryer. They do provide a built-in one but it's rubbish. We were aware of a few drop-outs outside but they mostly congregated on the steps of the big church next door and did not cause a problem, although on night two I was aware of them talking in the middle of the night. Upon opening the balcony doors to see what the noise was, I realised they were actually talkikng quite quietly but the acoustics of the square amplified the sound in the quiet of the night.On the whole, if I had to, I would stay there again, but I think for the money I would try and find somewhere quieter. We were quiet unsure about where to stay before going, but after spending a couple of days there we realised that actually everywhere is pretty accessible from everywhere else with the Metro (which was great, once we had figured out that a T-Dia 1 Zona ticket was the all-day rider we needed - about 6 euros) and you don't actually *need* to be right on the Rambla. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1813,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":1810},{"endOffset":1823,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1817}]}