{"text":"A gem in Florence This was our fourth trip to Florence, but our first stay at the Hotel Casci. I found the hotel's website after reading various positive reviews online and was charmed and impressed by the friendliness and comprehensiveness of the site. And the price, for Florence, was very reasonable. We used the website to book, and received a response within 24 hours. When we arrived at the hotel, several other people were checking in at the same time, so there was a bit of a wait, but when our turn came, we were received in a very welcoming manner. My sister, who was also in Florence at the time, had left us a message to call her hotel, and the lady helping us at check-in immediately offered to put our call through. Our room was large and very comfortable, with a kingsize bed, a small additional area containing a pull-out single bed (that area had its own telephone and TV!), and a spotless bathroom with a combination bathtub\/shower. There was no view, but it was very quiet at night. The breakfast in the attractive breakfast room was very nice, and my husband was delighted to see there was a contraption for cooking your own soft-boiled eggs! Everytime we went in or out of the hotel, we were greeted cordially. There was free internet use, and when some customer apparently abused the computer, and caused it to crash, a loaner computer was set up for our use within a couple of hours. There is also free WiFi in the hotel, but we did not bring our laptop, so can't comment on how well that works. Off the reception area was a small bar for the purchase of water, soft drinks, coffee, etc., and there was a large assortment of travel guides available. We can't wait to go back to the Casci on our next trip, and I almost hate to spread the word, as it is a small and delightful family-run hotel at a bargain price, and after the word gets out we may have to book months in advance! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1604,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1598}]}