{"text":"I'm not one to complain... ...because there is absolutely nothing to complain about at this resort. We were there from March 23 to 30 and were located in Building 23. We found this building location perfect as we were midway from the beach and the lobby.We were a group of 8, then 12, then 20... I'm not sure how big our group got, we were having so much fun and people kept getting added. As I do with every trip, I read every review, thread and anything else I could find on this resort. I've laughed at some of the complaints and dismissed some of the comments. I rarely comment on someone's complaint, but I have to for this one.... To the dude who watched the maid make the bed and not change the sheets? Please... do you change your sheets at home every morning? Ok, sorry, had to say that.... Back to the review.Check in was a bit chaotic. Probably because 60 of us got off the bus at the same time. Not sure that any other resort would have done better in the same situation. While in line to check in, one of the waitress' walked by. I asked her for two cervesas and within a few minutes, had them in my hand. Check in was a breeze after that.Restaurants: I can't comment on any of the a la cartes. We did buffet every night. Normally buffet is buffet, but not here. This resort has the best buffet of any place I've stayed. Every night was a different theme night. The made for you pasta sauce was to die for. TIp: As this buffet is so popular, try to get there before 7 PM as thare can be a bit of a line up after 7. Mind yo umost people waited no more then 15 minutes.Beach: The Punta Cana beach rivals any beach around. Yes there was a bit more seaweed than usual, but that's because the week before the East coast of the DR had some sort of freakish storm. The normally sheltered east coast was hit by mega waves that washed out a lot of the beach and stirred up and brought in a lot of seaweed. There was water right up to the palapas. But in true DR style, if you weren't there when it happened, you wouldn't have noticed. Everything cleaned up.Service: Second to none. Cheers to Alberto at the Buffet. Watered down booze: If it was watered down, I wouldn't want to get hit with the full strength stuff... WOW! Cleanliness: The grounds were immaculate. Our room was cleaned daily. Every day, we'd leave the maid a few dollars on the bed. One day, I left it on the night table by mistake, it was still there when I got back from the beach. The lobby and other buildings were spotless. All the washrooms were continuously cleaned. There's actually a maid posted just outside the beach bar washrooms. The cleanness I've ever seen. Entertainment: Two words: Julio Eglesias! (yes that's really his name) This guy from the entertainment staff was just amazing. If any of the management read this review, give this guy a raise!!! Funny, charming and gifted are three good words I would use to describe him.Tours: No tours this year. We did however bring our boogie boards from home. And are we ever glad we did. I don't know how many hours we spent playing in the waves in front of the resort. Then we discovered that if you walked 10 minutes to the Paradesus, the waves were much bigger and a whole lot more fun. We place our boogie boards in garment bags and checked them in as regular luggage. No extra charge. Check out: Dropped of the room\/safe keys and towel cards... that's it. Dropped off our luggage with the bell boy and went to spend the rest of the day at the beach. Our flight only left at 9 PM.Overall impressions: Very well laid out resort!! The best yet. It's your vacation, run with it!! Last year we stayed at the Grand Sirenis in the Mayan Riviera and I said I wouldn't return there because I had 729 more places to try. The Occidental Grand Punta Cana has just knocked off 720 places that we need to try out. We WILL return to this resort!!ciao. ","annotations":[]}