{"text":"The good, the bad and the ugly Just got back from a 5 day stay and in retrospect, I really should've paid better attention to the not-so-hot reviews on Trip Advisor. I booked it because the resort looked beautiful online and I got what I thought was a really good deal. But unfortunately, I can only give the experience a 2 out of 5 rating. The Good: The grounds of the resort are undeniably beautiful. Large, lush and quite romantic...and it's easy to find a quiet little spot as long as you're away from the pool. That's about the extent of the good... The Bad: The food was WAY overpriced for mediocre quality. I'm always prepared to pay a lot for resort food on vacation- but this was ridiculous, especially considering that it wasn't even very good. The pool was loud and crowded. The beach was pretty much non-existent...it's certainly quiet there, but too much sea grass to swim. The rooms were just ok with myriad problems (ants in the room, safe didn't work, clogged tub drain, sink stop broken, etc). The kinds of things a nicer resort would ensure were all in working order BEFORE check in. Also, the golf carts that were supposed to shuttle you around the resort seemed to never be around...we ended up walking everywhere and it takes a good 15 minutes to get from your room to your car. The parking is another nightmare. Hard to find a spot, very tight, overpriced, far away and a pain to have to get your card validated everytime you leave.The Ugly: The service was AWFUL!! The hotel lost our reservation...even after I had confirmed 3 days prior to arrival! After an hour of arguing with the front desk, we finally got a room...but the price was nowhere near the rate\/package I had booked online. It was a nightmare...and the front desk reception was the rudest, most difficult staff I've ever had to deal with. Consider yourselves warned...In conclusion, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. It was ok...but given the rate I ended up paying...I would've been better off at the Ritz, Marriott, Intercontinental...anywhere but here. ","annotations":[]}