{"text":"So-so My fiance and I stayed at Dreams from 12\/28\/08 to 01\/04\/09. We were very happy with some things, and very unhappy with others.The GOOD:- The resort grounds are beautiful and extremely well maintained. All of the plants are beautiful, well manicured, and accented the property beautifully.-The main building (including lobby) is beautiful- especially the large wrought iron chandelier in the main lobby.-The pool is amazing. It's big enough that you never feel crowded, the water isn't too cold, and it's kept quite clean.-The Hotel Staff were all incredibly hospitable and accomodating. Our drinks were refilled many times without even having to ask! The housekeeping staff did a great job keeping our room tidy - giving a small $ tip helps.-The Spa is great, especially the wellness centre. The entire Spa area was very clean and the services provided met our expectations.-The front desk was very efficient- it took less than 5 minutes to check in, and possibly even less time to check out. The champagne reception (with cool towel service) was a welcome reward after the 1-hour shuttle from Punta Cana Airport. -Bar service was great. Bottle service on New Year's Eve was even better. Very attentive, very efficient.-Bordeaux a-la-carte restaurant. The food was very good in comparison to other restaurants at the resort. -The Air Canada representative was amazing. She gave us a lot of good advice, and helped us book some incredible excursions (Hola Tours Outback Safari is highly recommended)-The entertainment staff are very talented. We enjoyed a number of the evening shows.The BAD:-There are tiny Ants EVERYWHERE. We were in a deluxe swim-out room, which ended up being infested by tiny ants. They were worst in the bathroom (especially the sink). We determined they were probably coming from the drain in the sink-- our in-laws who stayed in the room next door had the same problem. I mentioned this to maintenance, but aside from pouring soap down the drain, they did nothing. Our request for a different room was denied.-The beds are hard as rocks. There were broken springs in the mattress-- I have a bruise on my side from one of the worst parts of the bed. The bedding (with the exception of the sheets) seemed very old and discolored. There were holes in the bedspread (which is not a proper duvet, contrary to what is advertised on their webpage). It would be worth their while to replace the beds  bedding.-The rooms themselves are not 4-star caliber... at least not by North American Standards. The walls are damaged, there is mildew throughout (especially in the shower\/tub), the furniture is in poor condition, and the filter in the air vent was absolutely filthy. After having visited a Dominican Home, I didn't find it that bad... but then again, Dominicans pay about $250 USD per month rent-- not $250 per night.-The food in most restaurants is unimaginative and far too salty. With the exception of breakfast, the food at the World Cafe is terrible. Hot foods are never hot enough (which is worrisome in such a humid climate) and cold foods are always lukewarm. Most a-la-carte restaurants left much to be desired.-When you charge anything (spa services, specialty wine or champagne, etc..) to your bill, they automatically add 10%. We were never informed of this.-The phones in-room cost about $32 per minute to call back to Canada. Our Canadian cell phone cost about $2.50 per minute. Be careful. CDMA (telus\/bell) works quite well.-The beach is pretty, but there are lots of rocks in the water (to be fair, the beach is not property of the hotel). Sand fleas are a problem. We saw several cockroaches down behind the swim-up bar. ","annotations":[]}