{"text":"Beautiful beyond description and lots more than we expected. We stayed from June 17-24 in the Bavaro Princess and booked our trip through Apple Vacations. We flew nonstop with Delta out of Atlanta, Ga. There are representatives (Carlos and Carolina) on duty in the lobby and more than eager to help. I will say...once you are in your room, settle the kids down long enough to read the (blue) information booklet. We did not do that immediately and were very unorganized the first evening, but it was entirely our fault. All the information you need is in the room.Apple Vacations has a beach BBQ every week for their clients and it was great! That is all the more reason to book through Apple.Since so many others described every thing in detail, I will just say that the grounds were magnificent, the beach and sea awesome and the swim-up pool beautiful and refreshing, but my husband, son, his wife and our two grandsons aged 11 and 15 loved the sea and hung out there most of the time.I suppose some folks are telling the truth about their bad experiences but I am hard pressed to see how. I do not have one negative thing to say except the room will get musty if the AC and fan are not adjusted properly. I just wish the man complaining about lack of AC had been in our room (855). It was much too cold for me, but it was an excellent spot...close to the beach and the swim-up pool.The new restaurants are more beautiful than most in the USA. The El Gaucho is buffet for breakfast and lunch and overlooks a fantastic view of the sea. Al carte for dinner.They were renovating 2 of the restaurants we were entitled to, but we did not miss that. The food was more than plentiful and delicious. My family tried so many different dishes and most were reported excellent.I wonder if these folks who are sick and vomiting drink or eat to excess, or maybe it is like here in the USA...folks get stomach viruses all the time. Why not consider that before trashing a resort.We enjoyed every single moment of our time spent in the Bavaro Princess resort and will go back again.No bugs in the bed! No flies on the food! No diarrhea or vomiting..not even nausea. We used the ample amounts of bottled water for teeth brushing, etc. etc. The showers were adequate. If the water ran long enough it was scalding hot.AFA as waiting ten minutes for the tram...we often walked up to the magnificent lobby in less than five minutes. (We were very close to the beach.) It was a short wait back to the room if we wanted to catch the tram.They have they most beautiful lobby anywhere and my DIL and I went for cocktails every evening about 5.All in all...worth much more than we paid for it.One last thing...if you can stay in that beautiful place among those hard working people, being waited on daily and not tip...then I am sorry for you. ","annotations":[]}