{"text":"We were not impressed....even though we are simple people!! Where do I begin. We arrived early, had to wait 3 hours but spent it at the Pool...which was refreshing. Grill food average for lunch.When we did check in....our room key did not work. We had to wait to be let in. Our room had two double beds....we are a married couple with NO kids....go figure. The ROOM was very cold...just like we like it. The furntiure was old.....but who stays in the room anyway...just to sleep and change clothes. THE BUFFET WAS HORRIBLE. But you are in luck...the Ocean Cana buffet is worth the walk over. We were also thankful for the many different restaurants. We went to them all. You have to get up early around 7 am to make your reservations...and you can only make 2 at a time. One for your current night and one the next night. So every other day....you gotta get ahead of the game. There is a restaurant down the beach....Captain Cooks....it is pricey but.........OH so worth it.....be....aware of Haitians along the beach...they will try to con you.....so be firm and never look back.The excursions were fun.....The outback safari was informatve and the day trip to Santo Domingo was HOT but historical. Book you excursions in the states....it is cheaper. Apple vacations will charge you higher at the resort.If you are there on Fridays nights.......AVOID the vendors....they are brutal haggers. If you like coffee or smoothies....YOU WILL LOVE LE CAFE...it was so nice and romantic every time we were there....try the Cararmel Mocha Frozen....and Smoothies.....Heaven!!!!!DO NOT USE ATM CARDS.........You will get them eaten up by the local machines.........So take Plenty of cash....american money is fine there. Suggest $1, $5, $10.Be aware in the Airport. Once you find your bags....unless you want to lose a few bucks....just find your way out and contact the person telling your what shuttle you will be on.....just tell them the resort you are going to....and they will tell you the bus number. Go out in the parking lot and the number is written on the bus and there will be an attlendent telling you if you are on the right bus.We are very simple people...but unfortunately we would not go back there.....if we had to....we would book the Ocean Cana right next to Ocean Bavaro...the buffet is nicer...and we were told the rooms are bigger and up to date. And you want to be sure both share the Restaurant usage.OH BEFORE I FORGET....IF YOU BUY RUM....PUT IT IN YOUR CHECKED BAGGAGE...OR IT WILL BE CONFISCATED.!!!!! I had to learn the hard way. ","annotations":[]}