{"text":"Stellar Service at the Chancellor When planning my trip to San Francisco, I researched hotels for months. I chose the Chancellor because of location, price, and most importantly, the rave reviews on Trip Advisor. Not only was I not disappointed, I was totally blown away by the high level of service I received from the entire staff.This was my first time traveling a long distance alone with my 15-year-old daughter (we're from the east coast), and I was pretty anxious about the trip. My daughter has type 1 diabetes and is insulin-dependent. She is also a typical teenager. Having read about the small rooms, I was somewhat concerned that we would drive each other crazy. I requested a quiet room on an upper floor and a refrigerator for my daughter's insulin. We were given a corner room on the 14th floor at the back of the hotel. I found the room size to be perfectly fine. It was very clean, bright, and not crowded at all. As others have mentioned, the closet is very large. We had room for all of our stuff, and knowing how changeable the SF weather can be, we brought enough clothes for a month-long stay! The room was extremely quiet with the windows closed. However, our location was perfect for leaving them open and enjoying the sounds of the city without being overwhelmed by the noise. I can't speak about thin walls because the room beside us was empty during our entire five-night stay.The central location is excellent. We went all over the city and only used public transportation (get a Muni pass!) and foot power. Exploring SF this way really enhanced our experience.I cannot speak highly enough about the staff. One incident will stand out for me forever. The refrigerator in our room froze several cartridges of two types of insulin, and they could no longer be used. My health insurance company refused to allow me to use a co-pay when replacing the insulin. The total out-of-pocket cost was over $350! I was very shaken and upset. When I spoke to hotel staff, they immediately offered to buy the insulin for me. A member of the desk staff, Mike, walked with me to Walgreens, waited with me while the prescriptions were filled, and paid the pharmacy for the insulin. While we waited, he was very kind and reassuring. He told me over and over that I should not worry about anything and should just enjoy my trip. I am a single mom on a very tight budget. This meant the world to me. I will never forget that kindness. I get teary-eyed just thinking about it.Wes has stated over and over on Trip Advisor that if you need something, just ask. My experience is proof that he means what he says. I wish I could give the Chancellor more than five stars because they earned it. Wes, I know you read all of the reviews here. I wish I had met you in person. Thank you for everything. My daughter and I had a wonderful experience at your incredible hotel! ","annotations":[]}