{"text":"Roomy peaceful hotel near Metro station My wife and I just returned from Barcelona in June 2007. Had tried to source for a good and cheap(er) hotel in the city but nothing decent was within budget.That said, we were a bit apprehensive with the booking, as it was quite far from the city centre. However, the short 2-minute leisure walk from Mundet metro station, which is on the green L3 line, made up for it.We actually asked for a double bedroom non-smoking, but got a twin room instead. We called to change and after a while, they gave us a smoking floor. There wasn't that lingering smoke smell, so we decided to take it. The rooms were very spacious, and some even had access to the balcony (for smokers). We stayed on the 5th floor, which was a little noisy (but bearable) from the Highway traffic. Pillows were very longish and flat (weird), so had to ask for 2 more pillows. But the bed was comfortable. Bathroom was huge and I do feel that they could have made better use with the space to afford a bigger toilet area. It was difficult closing the door with the bidet blocking access.Didn't have breakfast with the hotel, or try their restaurant, so I cannot comment. Overall, the hotel is conveniently located close to the metro, and on a L3 line which is directly accessible to city centre. It's about 15 minutes to Catalunya  Passeig de Gracia. The area surrounding the hotel is a quiet residential area, with a school and university (toursim) building. No other hotels around though. It's not the type of hotel to laze around in, the beach would be better for that.Price should be about EUR 120, without breakfast. Only problem is you have to watch what time the metro trains end, or you'll have to catch a cab back, which is not entirely cheap.I would definitely return to use the hotel, if they don't jack up their prices, unless I want to explore a different part of Barcelona. If you are the sort that would party way past midnight, I would suggest somewhere more central, so you get back easily. ","annotations":[]}