{"text":"Top Drawer Hotel Recently, my wife, young daughter, and I went to Paris to celebrate our wedding anniversary followed up by my daughter's 2nd birthday.When we got to the hotel, the first impressions were good. The staff were very welcoming and talkative, speaking english when our french fell down (although, I believe they would have spoken english freely without any of our efforts at french!).After a hitch-free check-in, we went up to our room, but on entering, there was no sign of the cot we had ordered through the website we booked on. We phoned down to reception and they said they would be up with the bags in a few minutes.So they arrived and we tried to explain about the cot situation. They were understanding and phoned through to someone, who turned out to be the manager, whose name was on the booking print-out we had.The first member of staff said that he had spoken to his superior and that maybe we'd be better in a larger room, as the room we were supposed to be in would have been fine for my wife and I, but seemed too small for the three of us. Still, the room was clean, and the bathroom was in excellent condition, so we were prepared to make the best of it.The staff member phoned his manager again to discuss the extra cost of moving us to a new room. It transpired that for the time we'd be there it would cost us around an extra 300 euros - after he saw our expression, he spoke in rapid-fire french to the manager - they would put us into a much bigger room at no extra charge. Excellent service.The new room was just down the hall, on the same floor: the two staff members took the cases over for us, and came back to set up the cot.There was ample space in the new room, with a large double bed (kingsize), and plenty of space for the cot to go in beside us, so that we could keep an eye on our child overnight.The wardrobe was a good size, and the bathroom much larger than the last one, but equally as clean. We were very impressed.Overnight heat can be a problem (as some reviewers have mentioned before on this website). The best solution, we found, was to turn the air-con down to 17 degrees when leaving the room, and it meant that the temperature at night was much more tolerable, and in fact, comfortable (after that first night of trial-and-error!)For the rest of the stay, the morning staff, and the evening staff (who'd been on at the time of our arrival) couldn't have been more friendly and genuinely nice to us, including offering us an umbrella when there was a short spell of rain one morning.We liked them so much that we got a couple of pictures of our daughter being held by them, and the fact we had a talkative (and typically unpredictable) toddler bothered them not a bit!The only thing to watch for if you're wanting to stay here with a little one is that (at the time we stayed there) they didn't have any kind of baby seat (high-chair) in the breakfast room, however we bought a brilliant wrap-around invention for toddlers to sit in on an ordinary chair in a shop called Monoprix, of which there are quite a few in Paris (check out their website for their locations).I addition, the hotel is located in an excellent area. It's on a quiet street within five minutes (thankfully, especially on the return from a long day out!) of the metro station, Trocadero, and is very close to brilliant views of the Eifel Tower.If you feel so inclined, you could easily walk to the Champs Elysees from the hotel within half-an-hour (stopping for window shopping as you go!) - there are small, individually-owned shops all around the area of the hotel (including bakeries!)I would recommend this hotel for couples and families without any reservations. The fact the hotel was great just added to a really enjoyable experience. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2451,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2447}]}