{"text":"Patience rewarded with a serene performance A fabulous renovation is under way at the former Hotel Miyako in the Japan Center, SF. It is now known as The Kabuki Hotel and operated by the Joie de Vivre boutique hotel group. The staff could not have been friendlier and more helpful. We were upgraded to a suite the night we checked in. We had reserved a JdV online special King view room with Japanese soaking tub. Unfortunately our upgrade was to a partially renovated suite, not in the view tower. The room was a weird combination of a tatami-room bedroom (bed on the floor) and a western-style bed in a room separated by shoji screens. The bathroom was a little odd, it had a flip down bathroom scale!? The brand new flat screen tv was not visible from the beds, or any other piece of furniture in the room for that matter. After some rearranging, one of us was able to watch tv comfortably. The (western) king size bed was comfortable, the room quiet and we had a great night's sleep. I'm sure this is going to be a very nice room when the renovation is complete. The next morning I called the front desk and we were given the room we had originally reserved with no fuss. THAT room was fantastic, completely renovated in beautiful, soothing colors and relaxing textures. We had a view to the east looking at downtown SF. It was a very comfortable and elegant room, full of special touches, such as an obi decorating the top of the bed covers, Japanese pottery and sliding screens decorated with a Japanese Lord and Lady. The Japan Town neighborhood is lively and full of wonderful places to eat, fun shopping at Ichi Ban Kan (the Japanese dollar store) and other more traditional Asian stores in the center. It is also within walking distance of the Filmore shopping district with again, great eating, drinking and fun shops to explore. This is a great alternative to the noise and bustle of Union Square. Discover a different San Francisco neighborhood! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1028,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1024}]}