{"text":"Second time round, just as good as the first! This was my second stay at this wonderful hotel and it didn't disappoint. Lovely and clean with excellent service.We were able to check in as soon as we arrived (1:00pm). We were in room 9 in the Simone side of the hotel. Last time I stayed in room 17 on the Luna side and I found both rooms to be of consistent quality.The room had the usual facilities; a small desk  chair, wardrobe with a free easy to use safe, a lovely clean bathroom with shower, toilet , handbasin and plenty of lovely HOT water!One change from the last time I stayed is that combined shower gel and shampoo is provided along with soap so no need to provide your own toiletries.My wife, who has mobility difficulties due to arthritis, found that walking up four flights of stairs, to reach our second floor room, a strain on her even though several stops were included each time! She also found that although the shower was large, the bathroom itself was quite small, which caused a bit of discomfort. She loved the ample hot water and found the bed to be extremely comfortable though, which did make up for the lack of room.Last time I came here I used the tube train to get around. It's best to get on and off at Pimlico station since this is nearer and also smaller so doesn't have the rush and confusion of Victoria.This time I came with my wife and we used taxis to get around. an indication of costs for May 2008 is that it cost us approx 拢22 to get to the hotel from Euston Station. We also caught the number 24 bus to and from Trafalgar square. It cost 拢2 each for a single trip on the bus. It would have made more sense to have bought a one day ticket each for 拢3.50 each. We paid the bus driver direct, but I was told the second time that I should have bought tickets from the machine at the bus stop.Either before or after check in the hotel reception will look after your cases while you go around London.There are lots of restaurants and pubs nearby and also a small shop just one minute away to buy newspapers, sweets and milk, especially if you don't like the powdered milk in the rooms.All in all this is a lovely hotel in a good location. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2065,"mention":"sweets","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Candy"],"startOffset":2059}]}