{"text":"Truly paradise!!!! This was a second trip to the Melia in Nusa Dua. THe first time on a hotel inspection with a group of travel agents, and I chose it for my vacation from that trip. C'mon people, a little musty???? If we had 100% humidity everyday, then things would be a little musty around home too. Turn on the air conditioner as high as you can and let it do it's work on the humidity in the room. THis is a sub-tropical climate, so know what you are getting before you arrive. If you want it like home, then stay there!!! The food was fantastic!!! May have been priced a little higher, but the quality of the food and the preparation that the Melia chefs go to, makes it worth every penny...presenation is half of the meal for Asian Cuisine. My son was treated like a little King, and he was greeted by all the staff and given special seating for the dancing and the activities at the resort, as were all the children, but there were not many while we were there. The resort is immaculate!!! Grounds couldn't be cleaner, the rooms were spotless, and the staff amazing!! Everyone greets the guests and they smile and will do anything for your comfort. The pool area is divine, large, lots of chairs and great big beach towels to dry off there. There were activities listed around the hotel so you could join in whatever you liked. The breakfast buffet that was included was one of the most plentiful I have ever seen, and it was fantastic. It seems to me that every time I read one of these reviews, there are more and more off the wall comments every time, damp rooms in a sub-tropical climate and below average toilet accessories??? This place is absolute paradise in the middle of nowhere, and the people are unmatched anywhere in the world. If I have to tolerate a little discomfort with humidity or soap, I am SOOO willing to do that. This is an excellent resort, and I will definately recommend it to all of my clients. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1155,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":1148}]}