{"text":"Do not stay here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I know that the problem of HOTEL THEFT was mentioned in a previous email, but I am going to go into a bit more detail. My family and I checked into the hotel in March for a few nights. We were told upon checking in that we should leave our key at the front desk whenever we left the hotel. They said this measure was to prevent us from losing it while out, but I soon realized it was their way of determining whether or not you were in your room. As soon as we checked in, we headed out for a quick lunch. An hour later, we returned to find our $2000 brand new laptop had been stolen right outof our locked room! The laptop bag also contained many other valuableitems, none of which would fit in the safe. We made the wrong assumption that it was safe to leave items in our hotel room. We immediately informed the staff. A young guy who worked at the front desk had a knowing smirk on his face the entire time, which lead us to believe that he was involved. When we checked in we walked up to our room and there was NO ONE anywhere around....so who else could have known we had a laptop in that particular room besides the hotel staff? The manager was being completely unhelpful and simply shruggedhis shoulders as if to say, these things happen. I asked him to call the police. He said there would be no point since they would notshow up anyway. I told him to call anyway. Once on the line, he told the police officer not to come in Spanish. He then put me on the lineand the officer, who spoke english well, told me that he was told NOTto come by the manager, but that he was going to come anyway. We spent the rest of our holiday filling out police reports and being treated like crap by the staff - they evidently did not like having afinger pointed at them by myself or the police, or decided that therewas no sign of forced entry into our room, and that a key had obviously been used. The worst part of all was that there was a videocamera pointed at the front door. The staff claimed that they were not able to access its contents - only the owner of the hotel could do that...and he conveniently did not live in Barcelona. I understandthat we will never get the laptop back, or all of the files and pictures of holidays that we had stored on it, but to have to worry about theft in your hotel room is just unacceptable. I have left more important items in hotels in third world countries without a problem. What does that say? ","annotations":[]}