{"text":"Conflicted... Okay-first of all I need start by saying please do NOT book your ticket through Apple Vacation! We got to the airport to check in, only to find out that Apples booked our flights for the wrong day. Our packet that Apple sent us was correct, but the airlines showed us that they booked it wrong in their system. To say the least I was very much freaked out! My now husband and I, were on our way to get married at Iberostar and we had ten more guest flying in, that had the same problem. However, once we arrived we immediately got transportation to our resort, which was only about 20 min. Which was wonderful! When we arrived, we were greeted with nothing short of warm smiles and helpful service. We asked for a room upgrade, and got one for free. The customer service at this resort is amazing! When we got to our room, it was very nice, but the floors were gritty like sand, as if they dont sweep. Our room was very hot, and we couldn't figure out how to get the a.c. to work properly. This was an on going issue throughout the entire trip. We had to call the front desk at least four times during our stay to have it looked at. My guest had the same problems as well, but some of them didn't even have running A.C. There were these little bugs all over the room, they almost looked like tiny baby spiders. I am still not sure what they were, but it was disgusting! When the room cleaners would come, they didn't keep up on the floors at all. You always felt like you wanted to wash your feet.Outside of the room, the resort was BEAUTIFUL! The grounds were kept up daily, and the beauty of the landscaping is a sight to see all on its own. There are flamingo's, peacocks, and chickens running around freely on the property. The ocean is crystal blue, and the sand is like powder! AMAZING!The food is different if your from the U.S. The buffets are opened at different times, so you have to be sure you know when each one closes so your not walking the enormous grounds to see which one is open. The restaurants...well I wouldn't know! This was a HUGE disappointment for my husband, guests, and self! They tell you you have to make reservations to eat at them, which is fine. But, what they don't tell you is you have to book the reservations a week prior to your stay...for they are booked up already. So, basically we ate at the buffets the WHOLE time. The excursions were wonderful...I would strongly recommend going on the safari excursion. It is all day, but worth it if you want to see what the DR is really about. The views are breathtaking, and you learn so much! So, in conclusion...it was hard to rate this experience overall...for the people and the resort grounds were beautiful...the rooms and travel agency was horrible, and the food was okay. ","annotations":[]}