{"text":"Great stay but detail needs improving I am in the luxury travel business in Europe and believe it is better to deliver more than you promise. The Alila web site is very good and suggests 5 star luxury of the highest quality. In that context, the hotels underdeliver. Do not go thinking you will get Aman level service.I think if you judge it as a 5 star hotel it would come out badly but these comments need to be taken into context with a knowledge of the price. We paid under 200 dollars a night whereas some 5 star hotels in Ubud are over 600 dollars. We thought the hotel was good value for money and although there are a few annoyances, these would not stop us going again.My wife and I stayed 7 nights during October 2007. We had a deluxe room which is the ground floor room with the outside shower.The setting is amazing. You can tell it is an older hotel but this did not worry us unduly.Our first impression of the room was that it was small. We asked to see a villa room and it was very nice but it turned out only to be available for one night so we did not bother. On that note, although these villa rooms are very nice and (mostly) have good views - in our opinion, they put the price up too much in relation to the quality of the rest of the hotel and take it out of the good value category. Have a deluxe room and save the money for a good meal at the Four Seaons Hotel one evening!In the end we came to like our room. Yes it was small but with a good bed and nice linen. Cleanliness was first class and housekeeping generally would stand up against any other hotel in Bali. It is true that the deluxe rooms do not have the best view but the outside shower was lovely and there are plenty of other opportunities to admire the view. The outside shower by the way is very private and not at all rustic as it implies.It is well documented that the pool is amazing but the area around the pool is too small and so there are not enough beds. This lead to certain people going to the pool and putting their towels down at 7 in the morning to reserve their places not to return until mid morning. This is very annoying and the hotel should discourage it.Service is generally very attentive and friendly. The Balinese have a natural openess and happiness which is very welcome. However, we did find too many of the staff would want to pass the time of day with quite long conversations and when the fifth person at Breakfast engages you with the same questions you think enough is enough! This has an impact on service as so many of the staff are otherwise engaged and breakfast especially can be a little erratic. We stayed at the Alila Manggis the following week and found the same problem. It must be the managements policy to encouage the staff to engage with the clients but this needs some care in its application.The food was very good although we did find it quite expensive. There are plenty of options for eating out though which is worth the effort of getting to town.The hotel is a long way out (about 20 minutes to Ubud) but in reality any of the bigger hotels are a car ride from Ubud so an extra 10 minutes really is nothing. The last free shuttle is at 6pm which does mean you cannot catch a free ride back if you want to eat out but we just got the last shuttle to town and arranged for the hotel to pick us up later at a cost of just 6 dollars - you could do it for less if you caught a local taxi.Our price included some spa treatments and the whole spa experience was very good.On some occasions the service was so good you thought you had arrived in a Aman Hotel but on others it would drop. Perhaps that was our lasting impression of the hotel - that they could do it but not consistently and when a hotel sets its standards high and then falls down a bit, there is a litlle dissapointment. Again I say though that you have to think that they are not charging 5 star prices so in conclusion, we would recommend this hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1479,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1475}]}