{"text":"Total Disappointment... Stayed three nights at Sofitel last week. We were underwhelmed with check-in. First night there was no top sheet on the bed only a thin comforter. We called and a sheet was dropped off for us to make our bed, as there was no housekeeping staff available. The third night, same deal, no top sheet on the bed. We were too tired to wait so we slept under the comforter that I'm guessing is not launderd after every guest - ick. The bed felt broken down and not anywhere near as comfortable as a Westin or Hilton bed. The lighting in the bathroom was horrible, it made airplane lightening look good. There were hand rails everywhere and two showers so we figured we were in a handicap room. The windows did not open and the room was stuffy and hot. We had to keep the air on high at the lowest temperature to make it comfortable. The room was equiped with ONE small bottle of water and ONE robe and this continued each day. We thought that was a little odd for a king room. The view was pathetic, it was like a prison view, three concrete walls and the dirty roof top. I guess I had expected more since we had booked this reservation months in advance. The clock radio was not a CD player and it didn't pick up one station. The location is miserable if you are looking for any food or toiletries. We were forced to pay $10 for a bottle of Evian in the bar one night because there is just nothing near by on foot. The location is a little more than a block to the MacPherson subway station. Be advised the subway station does not open before 7:15 a.m. on Saturday. The White House is about two blocks from the hotel and you certainly can't see it from the hotel. With the subway system you are not far from anything in this town regardless where you stay. We asked the concierge if she had a map of Reagan Airports layout and she replied no. That was pretty much the only contact we had with her. There is one restaurant across the street, a steakhouse, and three tourists on the street advised us not to eat there. There are three computers near check-in desk that are available to guests 24\/7, that was very much appreciated. However, how this hotel is ranked as high as it is, is a mystery. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1593,"mention":"White","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1588}]}