{"text":"A great hotel in bustling Manhattan I stayed in the Affinia Dumont at the start of March for 7 nights with my husband. It was our first time in New York so I spent quite a long time choosing a hotel before we arrived in the city. I picked the Affinia after reading all of the reviews on Trip Advisor. As we were staying for 7 nights I managed to get a better rate than on expedia by booking directly with the hotel's website on their weekly rate. By doing this I managed to book a junior suite for the same price as I would have paid for a standard room on Expedia.We arrived at the hotel quite late and found that although I had requested a room with a view we were only on the 13th floor. I was told to check again in the morning as a room on a higher level might become available, which I did, and we were moved to a room on the 23rd floor which had a great view of the Chrysler building and the East river etc. The only slight niggle is that the room that we were moved to smelt quite strongly of cigarette smoke, which I found quite strange for a no smoking hotel. We left the windows open when we out each day so that when we got back the room smelt a lot fresher. We decided that the view in the room was too good to give up!!In terms of the facilities in the hotel, it was great to have a kitchen area. There were some days when we walked so much in the city that all we wanted to do was come back to the hotel room and collapse and for that the room was ideal. The kitchen was well stocked with cups, plates, cutlery etc. There was also a cooker and microwave but we didn't really use those. It would be possible to cater for yourself the entire holiday given the equipment available if you wanted.The bathroom was a good size with a bath which was long enough to lie down in (I've heard this isn't always the case in New York!). The bed was huge and very comfortable and we had a desk and arm chair and sofa in the room as well which came in handy.There isn't a bar area attached to the hotel but this wasn't really a problem. There are so many bars \/ restaurants that are a 2 min walk away from the Affinia that it didn't inconvenience us.We both found the staff at the Affinia very friendly and helpful and the cleaning of the rooms was of a high standard.All in all, we had a great trip to New York. Would definitely recommend the Affinia Dumont if you want to stay in central Manhattan. It is ideally located .... just a short bus ride away or 20 mins walk and you are in the centre of the city.Minus points: room smelling slightly of smoke and having to come home!! ","annotations":[]}