{"text":"Wow! Very Happy to Have Found This Place! I had resigned myself to the notion that the only reasonably-priced hotels in a central part of Amsterdam are mouse-infested [--]. Read enough reviews here on TA and you'll think so, too. But this was before I found the NH Hotel City Centre. At around 170 USD a night, it isn't exactly cheap, but what you get for the money is quite good by Amsterdam standards. I've paid a similar amount for much less (see my review of the Hotel Nes here on TA).First off, the building itself is huge...Again, by Amsterdam standards. It's as if someone plunked-down a 'big city hotel' into the middle of Amsterdam's usual narrow\/labarynthine walkup buildings, though you wouldn't really know it from the outside. A large lobby, a restaurant (which I never tried...17 Euros for breakfast is just too much to pay, especially considering that I found a caf√ã√\u2022√ñ right next door that has a perfect breakfast 7 days a week for about 10 Euros.), a similarly-massive lounge, and two full-size elevators (again...rare for central Amsterdam hotels). The location is excellent: A five minute walk to Dam Square, and about a twenty minute walk to either the train station or, in the other direction, the Leidseplein. The Spui tram stop is about 50 yards away from the front of the hotel, just around the corner from a (great) bookstore across the street. There is pay internet in the lobby (forgot the price), or for 10 Euros, you can purchase a password for 60 minutes of wifi (non-continuous over 24 hours, which is kind of handy). The staff I encountered were very friendly and efficient. My room was in the rear of the building, with a canal view (!) Rooms at the front will look out onto Spuistraat, which is full of pedestrian traffic day and night. Quiet and comfortable, a good bed, TV with Dutch channels and BBC. The bathroom was actually better-appointed than more expensive hotels I've stayed at, with quality soaps and such from some Spanish company whose name I forgot. As I'm a guy, I didn't delve too far into it : ) No individual air conditioning per room, but not once was I uncomfortable...Although it was kind of chilly and rainy, even in late June. Smartly, my smoking room had hardwood floors, which, I suppose, cuts down on lingering smoke oddor significantly.I was really pleased to find this place, and would wholeheartedly recommend it. It will be my first call hotel in Amsterdam from now on. ","annotations":[]}