{"text":"Great Hotel - with a few flaws My wife and I stayed at this hotel at the start and finish of a cycling holiday and were delighted with our room. I had stayed at this hotel previously and knew that the location was perfect for us.On checking in we were offered the opportunity to upgrade to a room overlooking the canal which we accepted. This turned out to be very entertaining as the Gay Pride parade was about to start with a flotilla of decorated barges passing the window.We took lunch at the hotel as we were tired from travelling and found the service to be very poor for this standard of hotel. After being ignored for ten minutes and seeing the waiting staff attend to people who arrived after us, I had to raise the point with the manager. The food was good but the service level never rose above average. This and previous experiences show that there are far better places to eat only a short distance away. For a treat, the french restaurant Christophe will delight people who love food. This was recommended by the concierge and did not disappoint. For breakfast there are numerous small cafes where you can sit outside and watch the city awake, much better than the hotel provides.The room was spacious (room 217 - request it early!) and the decoration and fittings were of excellent quality, with a good bathroom. Other rooms I have stayed in here have not been so big, but have still had a quality feel.As a base this hotel is ideal, and we will certainly use it again. Avoid eating in the hotel or taking expensive hotel organised trips. Walk everywhere or use the excellent tram network to get the most out of your stay.The cycling part of our holiday was outstanding and we used the highly rated barge 'Elodie' (Google it) which gave us a fabulous flavour of the dutch countryside and towns. This is the only independently owned and operated barge for this type of holiday and the quality of bikes, food and service means that we will be booking a trip next year. Well done Michel! ","annotations":[]}