{"text":"Modern and clean The reason we pick this hotel was because it is near to the train station. My friend and I were on a short europe tour and train is our main mode of transportation. What we did'nt know was, there are 2 main train station in Florence. We took a train from Rome and the train stop at this particular station which was not the station we expected the train would stop at. Therefore we have to take a bus to the correct train station because we only know to get to the hotel from the right station. The hotel itself is located as part of a row of shop lots, just like most of the hotels nearby. I would think the hotel has gone through a major renovation or it might be a totally new hotel. Everything look so new and clean. We got ourself a standard twin bed room. Spacious, clean and modern. Even the bathroom is spacious. Towel, shampoo and soaps are provided. Oh ya, shower cap too.The staff is ok. Not too friendly but not too ignorence either. About the free internet, yeah, it is free. Just ask the front desk staff for the username and password and you are set to go. The last time we were there, they have 6 computers located at the lobby area near the breakfast room. There was not too many people when we were there, so we can were able to use the internet for as long as we want. it will automatically log off once the 15minutes or was it 30minutes (cant really remember) period over. but u can log on again using the same username and password. I think it is fair enough so, that others may be able to use it too rather than the facilities being abuse by some guests.Like most hotels, they too have a luggage room in the lobby area. Just in case your train\/flight is later than the checking out hour. Check out as normal and you may leave your luggage in that room and continue sight seeing. The front desk staff has the key to the luggage room.The famous Duomo dome is within walking distance. It took us 10minutes to get there. I'm not so sure of other mode of transportation to get there but I'm sure there should be an alternative than just walking. We saw a lot of buses though. It is nice to walk when there are lots of shops along the way. ","annotations":[]}