{"text":"Cool, chic design hotel Just spent 4 days at the Neri to kick off a 2-week trip to Spain. I booked it after doing an exhaustive search of Barcelona's high-end hotels, and I was very happy with the outcome.The Neri is fantastically located just a block from the Cathedral and is a 5-minute walk from the trendy Born area and its tapas restaurants. Anyone going, though, should arrive armed with a good map--not the one from the Neri's website--because taxi drivers have no idea where the hotel is and don't even realize you can drive in what many think is an exclusively pedestrian zone. So we found ourselves hoofing it for a few minutes, asking for directions from passers-by, until finally finding success. Once you know where you are, however, it's no problem since you can just ask for Placa Catedral, which is only a couple minutes on foot.The hotel is an expert renovation of an old Gothic mansion, really stylish and design-forward. The commons areas are warm, chic, inviting. The rooms are a bit cramped, but impeccably done, so that didn't bother us. The bathrooms, done in granite blocks evocative of the Gothic walls outside, are fabulous--and come with excellent products.We only had breakfast at the hotel--good but expensive.The staff is attentive but largely uninterested, as mentioned by another reviewer. They are willing to help if asked, but certainly don't strive to go beyond the minimum. If you're independent like us, and can laugh it off that the staff is too trendy for their own good, you'll be fine. If you need to stay somewhere where you feel like the staff are your best friends, then you won't be happy with the service. I did visit a friend at the Hotel Arts--one of the biggest and most expensive hotels in town--on the last night of our stay. And while the Arts is certainly luxurious and somewhat cool, it comes nowhere near the style and personality that the Neri boasts. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":333,"mention":"tapas","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tapas"],"startOffset":328}]}