{"text":"Great time!! Arrived in La Romana from Saint John NB. Long drive to the resort, about 2 hours. The roads were horrible and drivers were crazy. They took you through a few little towns on the way. Sad to see how the people live. Check in was easy and quick. We were repeat guest so we were upgraded to Club Diamond VIP. All that means is we got a free safe for the week. Rooms were fine. We had a king size bed. Jacuzzi tub. No bugs, no problems.We ate at the Mexican, restaurant not a fan. Not mch of a selection. And the food wasn't very good. Next was the Italian, not bad, but not as good as last year. Then the Brazillian, it was really good if you are a carnivor. Meat. meat and then some more meat, it was my favorite. And the last was the Garden Grill, it was really good too, for carnivores. Beach and Pools were great. Pool was always busy. We only went there is rinse the salt water off ourselves. Beach was clean, lots of chairs. But there were lots of ignorant people who would save chairs in the prime spots then not use them all day. ( I wanted to throw their towles in the pool or ocean.)Grounds were perfect. You would see the workers out all day fixing up the flower beds and tending to the lawns.Activities and Entertainment. We didn't watch any shows or participate in any of the stuff they were doing.Tours. We didn't do any of the overpriced tours that the Airline reps push on you this year. (we did the Marinarium last year and that was really good.). We did a snorkel excursion with the scuba rental place on the beach. (www.scubacaribe.com ) It was 31.00US, nothing fancy, nothing to eat or drink. No safety instructions. The boat operator stopped the boat over some reef, threw the anchor over and said Go. The water was rough, the current was strong, and the fish bit me when I gave them a roll that I stole from breakfast. My boyfriend had to rescue a lady that wasn't a strong swimmer and help her back to the boat. But I would do that trip again next year. It was cheap, you didn't have to drive for 2 hours to get to it, and didn't have to spend hours on a boat drinking and dancing like some of the other tours. All we wanted was to snorkel and that's all we did. It was great.Departure and Check Out were easy with no problems, had to pay for 2 phone calls. It cost 5.00 for about 4 mins to call from the room using the hotel operator. Conclusion it was a great trip, hopefully we will be back again next year ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1821,"mention":"roll","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread_roll"],"startOffset":1817}]}