{"text":"Fabulous place to stay We stayed in Room 105 for four nights and were pleasantly surprised by how nice it was. The rooms had been recently refurbished earlier in the year (2007) and were very modern and tastefully decorated. We had booked about ten months prior to our visit and were cheeky enough to ask for the room that had the same view as that on the internet which overlooked the ANZAC memorial and I'm quite sure we got the exact same one so the view was fabulous. The room was well appointed with a small kitchen area if you fancied cooking something easy but who would want to cook given the hotel's close proximity to so many restaurants, bars and other eateries. The room cost came with a continental breakfast each day and the supplies were placed in your room when it was serviced each morning. You could fill up on toast and cereal and there was also juice and packaged fruit (peaches, etc) which meant you could have a decent meal before starting your day's adventures. The hotel is a stone's throw from the museum train station (right across the road) and a short walk to the nearest monorail station as well (just around the corner). Being there so close to Christmas we also got a great view of the fireworks from the Carols in the Domain concert right from our own balcony.There were fresh towels each day (if you wanted them) and also a complimentary newspaper. For the kids (and parents) there is a television with a dvd player which is a good diversion for the little ones after being out and about all day.The only drawback I would say and is this is being really picky is that there is a fire station in the next street and each time they were called out on an emergency you could hear the sirens. You can also hear slight road noises from the street (even on the 10th floor) but you should expect to hear something if you're staying in the middle of a big city! We only really noticed the road noises the first night as each night afterwards we were so tired from our day's activities that we fell into deep slumber on the very comfy but firm beds in the room. There is also a slight gap between the top of the roller blinds and the ceiling in the kitchen area which, because of the east facing orientation, lets in quite a bit of morning light. This was easily remedied by my resourceful hubby who stuffed the complimentary morning newspaper in there each night and voila! no more light! This could, of course, be permanently remedied if the hotel chose to mount a fixed pelmet?We had an early flight out the day we were leaving the CBD and given that it was Christmas Eve were a bit concerned about getting a taxi to the airport. We spoke to the staff on the front counter who were very efficient in booking us with one of their regular drivers who turned up on time and was a very pleasant taxi drive to boot (the best one we used on this trip).All in all we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hyde Park Inn and would recommend it as a great place to stay in the city because of its comfy rooms and close proximity to everything thats fun in Sydney. We would definitely stay there again! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":834,"mention":"toast","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Toast"],"startOffset":829}]}