{"text":"Great price, Great service! My mother and I stayed at this hotel for 6 days. We love Hawai'i, and we stayed at different hotels in Oahu (Halekulani, Hilton, Hyatt, Moana Surf Rider, Sheraton) but Marriott Waikiki is still our favorite. We stayed at Ocean Front room (corner room facing the ocean at two sides) at Kealohiliani Tower (the one closer to beach). The room was renovated recently and did not see any old piece of furniture as described in some of the previous reviews. The room was appointed with red and green and it was more spacious than other hotels around the same (or even a bit higher) level. You can check the view of the renovated room on Marriott Waikiki website. One thing I loved most about the room was the view! It had one window on one side and also balcony on the other side. It was nice to see sunrise from the bed, and go to balcony to see early-morning rainbow above Royal Hawaiian.Bathroom was also good! It was very luminous which complimented my skin and had two big sinks. Also there was a separate shower room. And it was always filled with soooo many towels which made us go to the hotel pool and beach all the time. Yes, pool was nice, too. It is simple but it was nicely appointed with comfortable lounge chairs. You can also borrow their towels at pool side, too. We enjoyed reasonably priced breakfast at Italian restaurant. I have to admit that they didn't have the luxury that Halekulani has but their food was great and the staffs were very helpful. It seemed that they are trained to treat each customer individually - they remember you and such small talk made me feel special. I saw some people complaining about the distance to the center of Downtown but it's not far at all! Just enjoy walking two more blocks in sunshine. Really, if you have a budget to spend for the same\/higher-ranked hotel with smaller rooms, I recommend staying at this room at Marriott. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":890,"mention":"rainbow","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rainbow_Room"],"startOffset":883}]}