{"text":"It was all right This is a very honest review. My husband, my 18 year old and myself traveled there from Oct 7-oct 14, first time in Dom Rep with GoGo Vacations. the weather is great, people are nice and friendly but everywhere yu go you gotta tip. I really dont understand how people can give a 5 for this resort. Yes, it is beautiful, the grounds are nice and clean, the people are friendly, BUT it is not a 5 star resort. maximum I would give this resort is 3.5 stars- no more. First of all the rooms are plain ugly and smell bad, there's is an ugly comforter on the bed which feels like it is made out of wood, there are no ocean front or oceanview rooms, all i saw was an ugly construction and a green smelly garden next to my balcony, no jacuzzi tab in the bath and no jacuzzi in the pool area either, only in the spa on the Dominicana side, their shampoo gave me an irritable itching and the soap does not smell good and dried my skin, but that aside I took everything with me. As soon as we arrived I ordedred room service, which I thought was convinient, but it tasted like crap and you really dont have a lot to choose from - the same menu every day, no breakfast menu and no beverages. Ok so we went to the buffet, again another dissapontment, it was almost 7:30 pm but it seemed that they already finished restocking the buffet because it looked empty, only one choice of fish, chicken and meat, really nothing to choose from, I only had some desert and fruit and pretty much went to bed hungry. the buffet wa sthe same every day, not much changed and not many selections, the breakfast buffet was really good, but lunch and dinner really bad! We tried the steak house and Middeteraneo, I liked the steak house etter, at Mediteraneo service sucked, was very slow and it didnt taste that good. My toddler reall didnt have much chouce to eat and lost weight during the vacation, One More Thing- their cribs that they provide are not safe! I didnt use it even once, he slept with us all 7 nights, the crib is very shaky- did not seem safe to me at all. The pool is nice and the beach is of course beautiful. the nightly shows are boring, only liked the Friday and Saturday show. I really hope you would consider my review before making your decison, it is 100% honest, I have been to Mexico and Jamaica before and this vacation was the worst vacation so far, if you are traveling as a couple go to Secrets Excellence, as a family with kids, I would suggest Palladium Resorts in Riviera Maya. If you still decide to go, good luck, I hope you wont be dissapointed. ","annotations":[]}