{"text":"Busy but well located hotel Stayed here one night before Christmas and 4 nights over New Year prior to moving out of Singapore. This is a well located hotel being directly above City Hall MRT, and forms part of the Raffles City shopping complex which is joined to other nearby malls (Citylink, Marina Square and Suntec City). Great if you can't stand the Singapore heat as you don't need to step outside to get to them.The hotel is big and shares some facilities with the Fairmont (until recently known as Raffles the Plaza) next door, such as swimming pools and the gym and spa area - all of these are of good quality and very well maintained.Stayed in a Harbour King overlooking the Esplanade which was generous in size, and like all rooms has a balcony, so you can open the door and get fresh air, and not be hermetically sealed in your hotel room as is usually the case. Breakfast is in the Kopitiam or Cafe Swiss downstairs. Opted for Cafe Swiss which has a very good selection of food, and great service - the only gripe I would have was the way they present the cereal - on a three tiered structure with you having to use a regular sized spoon to serve yourself. Not so great if you are short and like a lot of cereal!I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel but would say that's its not such a great place to stay at peak times (like New Year when I was there). As I said its a big hotel with over 800 rooms, and was very full during my second stay. To give and idea what its like at these times:- I waited about 10 minutes to be served at check in (though the three guests that were being served admittedly seemed very high maintenance). Check out however was a breeze (separate desk facing lifts).- The lift service was average (I waited 6 minutes in the lift lobby one morning to get to breakfast). - The Cafe Swiss gets very crowded (though to the hotel's credit they set up the buffet breakfast in an upstairs ballroom as an alternative location)- If you call for something to be brought to your room you could be waiting a while (45 minutes for ice). - The swimming pools on New Year's Eve afternoon were seething masses of humanity. If you like lap swimming, you'd probably need to be in there first thing in the morning.Hotel also offers broadband in room for (from memory) S$25 + service charge + GST for 24 hours. Its not unnormal to quote prices like this in Singapore but maybe a lot of overseas visitors are not used to this. If you have a laptop with WiFi you can use the free Wireless@SG service, but is better from ground level - on the 40th floor where I was I received no reception. ","annotations":[]}