{"text":"Wedding and stay at the Embassy Suites I was married at the Embassy Suites on Dec. 8, 2006. My now-husband and I worked with a travel agent who made all the arrangements for us. We had about 50 people come with us for the wedding - and everyone loved it! I was a bit apprehensive after reading the reviews on here, but I can honestly say it was a beautiful, perfect experience. Most of our guests stayed in the hotel proper - and I would definitely recommend that, as the few people who stayed in the other part were not quite as happy with their rooms or service. We thought our room was very clean, very well serviced and had a great view of the ocean. We never smelled anything musty or had any problems. When we rang for something to be brought, it was brought almost immediately. The breakfast was a great perk - and we didn't encounter many of the problems other posters have talked about. The manager's special (2 hours free drinks) was a wonderful way for us and our guests to begin our night. We (and some of the guests) arrived on Monday and other guests arrived throughout the week. We were married on Friday. After our reception ended, the wedding party moved out to the lobby where there was a live band - we partied until 3 am! The only downside was that there was not a wedding coordinator who worked with me on the day of the wedding; luckily, I'm very laid back and was able to work around this. Not all brides would have been this way. We were married on the beach overlooking the ocean and in my mind, it doesn't get any better than that. I definitely believe that everyone who was with us would not hesitate in booking a trip back here. I will say that the weekend got very crowded with kids in the pool, etc, but up until that point it was perfect. Also, a car is probably a good thing to have. We walked to Pee-Wee one night and it wasn't a bad walk, but not everyone would be up for that. We also made friends with one of the taxi drivers and he made sure to assist us, taking different groups to Old San Juan, San Juan, and some of the local restaurants. I would definitely recommend this property to anyone who asked me. ","annotations":[]}