{"text":"Four and a half stars??? Yeah right!!! I arrived at 5pm, 3\/10\/06 and was greeted by the courteous-but-rushed receptionist, and after some 15 minutes waiting, a room was assigned to me, room 702. Upon entering my room, which was booked as a 4.5star studio apartment, I was confronted with a shame of a room. Yes, it was decorated with modern colours, relatively new furniture, and quite clean. But that was where it ended. The extractor fan in the bathroom was hanging by a thread. The TV didn't work - both a poor picture quality and the remote control did not work. Two cushions on the sofa were split and the stuffing hanging out. The bathroom smelled of stale water... the list went on. I called to speak to the manager, and was *rudely* told that he would call me back. 30 minutes passed, and I left my room and went back to reception where I was told the manager had just left for the day by the same person I had spoken to earlier. I listed my complaints to the recption staff. There were around 8 other people in the lobby, all of who were dealing with similar problems, and all of whom were similarly disgruntled. After a further 15 minutes wait, I was handed another room key, this time room 1402. I travelled up to my floor and whilst walking down the corridor, I was confronted with a strong smell of paint. When I reached my room, the door was propped open and inside was a construction worker busily painting the room! There was dust everywhere, paint tins, brushes etc etc. I called down to the reception to inform them of their mistake, and was told to hold on again while they tried to rectify the problem. After a further 10 minute wait, the receptionist arrived at the room with a key to yet another room. this time it was room 709. I was assured it was a great room, a 1 bed apartment and was definitely ok. This it was, and after over an hour of messing around, I was able to settle into my home for the next few nights. I find it absolutely shocking that any hotel can advertise, yet alone be rated by AAA as being a 4.5star property. In the state that this place is in, even after a lick or two of paint, I would rate it at no more than 3.5star. Sure the facilities are useable, but they are DEFINITELY not Excellent quality accommodation, furnishings and facilities. as described by the AAA ratings. And this is what I am supposed to have paid for - I chose to stay in a 4.5star facility and yet received more than sub-standard accommodation. I do hope that my feedback will actually do something to alert you guys to this, I travel to Sydney a lot, and have stayed in many different places each time, and I have never encountered anything as frustrating or badly described as this. ","annotations":[]}