{"text":"Very Impressed Rooms very nice we booked 2 laguna views but for $40 more a night per room we were upgraded to 10th and 11th floor ocean views. The featherbed pillow tops were so comfy that we ordered 2 when we got home. The free wireless internet is very fast I was getting download speeds of 220 kbs. The free in room safe was huge big enough for a laptop. and an empty fridge was very useful. The first day we stocked up with lots of beer softdrinks and liquor from the supermarket across the road. The casino has waitresses providing free alcoholic drinks and sandwiches which are gorgeous we loved their pina coladas. We play video poker machines and we were a bit dissapointed that the machines here only pay out 5 credits for 2 pair this can make a huge difference to play time as vegas machines pay out 10 credits for 2 pair this together with the wait times for the elevators were the only negatives for this hotel. We had to push both up and down on the elevators and go along for the ride just to get on else you could be standing there for many minutes. The ocean was the nicest I have ever been in very warm and clean and with a very welcome constant breeze. We ate once in the breakfast buffet it was very nice but about $5 overpriced. Also we ate once in Alfredos italian. the prices for the food are not to bad but the wine list is very overpriced the cheapest was $40. For 4 with wine was $230. We went to mi Casita for breakfast very reasonable but extremely slow. It took 10 minutes to bring a menu 20 minutes for coffee and 30 minutes for the food to arrive. We also ate at Lupis, Metropol and the Ranch all excellent. If you go at the end of june you may see this guy in the photo walking the beach he comes every year and entertains the ladies. The cab fare is $15.50 from the airport for 4 with 4 bags and $21 to old san juan try to get dropped off at the castillo san felipe del morro as the walk through old san juan is then mostly down hill. The liquor laws seem very loose here as they served my 16 year old daughter without question. Also the duty free in the airport allows purchases to the US. All in All an excellent vacation which I give 8 out of 10 ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1538,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1532}]}