{"text":"What a wonderful honeymoon! My husband and I were married in April and had to wait four months to go on our honeymoon so we were pretty excited and ready to go. I have to say that the resort is absolutely beautiful! I have read a lot of these reviews and looked at many pictures but it still took my breath away. We didn't have to wait for check in and the staff were very friendly. We paid for the excellence club and I have read that a few people thought it was a rip off. Not in my opinion because we never had to wait in line for a concierge. Someone was always available and the air conditioned room we could go to was welcomed when we wanted to get out of our room and and out of the heat. There were a few issues. We had bugs in our room. Realizing we were in the tropics I wasn't too bothered until the second night after they had sprayed and it was still a problem. They upgraded our room for free and it wasn't even an issue. The staff were very accomodating. Not what we are used to in the US. Our travel agent didn't book us the right package and we had been looking forward to the beach dinner but unfortunately was not booked for us. We explained to the concierge the problem and without even questioning we were able to have the beautiful, delicious dinner by the ocean. I can't say enough for the staff. The shows at night were entertaining. A little cheesy but you could tell how hard they worked. We never had to wait for drinks. You must try the banana mama and the pina coladas were fantastic! The horseback riding was fun but could've done without due to the horses all bunched together and it was really hot. The shops on the edge of the beach are ridiculous. DO NOT PAY WHAT THEY ASK!! They wanted $80 for a picture frame that cost 20 in the store on the resort. We got it for 15. If you don't want to barter and don't want to be hassled just keep walking if you venture out. They are pushy! We tipped every so often, it isn't expected but you kinda feel you should just cause the service is so good. The food was wonderful! We ate everywhere except the grill for dinner. But I had beef elsewhere and loved everything! I loved my honeymoon and even though a day was rainy due to the hurricane I couldn't have asked for anything better. I would love to go and experience it all over again! (there are plenty of photos on here..I am not adding any) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":414,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":410}]}