{"text":"First-class hotel  My family (two adults  two kids 7  10) stayed at the Marriott on the executive floor for three nights. We booked our stay through a German travel agency, using a special 3=2 offer from Dertours.The hotel is in a prime location, just a short walk from the Holocaust memorial, Brandenburger Gate and Reichstag. The Sony Center, with an IMAX theater and restaurants, is across the street, and all the sightseeing buses stop at Potsdamer Platz.We had room 1018, right across from the elevators, but it was quiet. We had a view of the Sony Center from our room, and from the lounge we could see across Berlin to Alexander Platz.The room itself was large enough for the four of us, with two double beds, a small table, desk and TV-cabinet\/dresser combo. There was also a small closet, with a minibar, safe, and iron  ironing board. Two bathrobes with houseshoes were also available. The bathroom was a bit on the small size, but for three nights was fine for us. The executive lounge was what really made the stay at the Marriott worthwhile for us. It opened at 6am, and we were able to have a cup of coffee before the kids got up. We would grab something to drink during a quick stop between sightseeing tours, and the snacks available from 5:30, including beer, wine and spirits as well as soft drinks, almost made going out for dinner unnecessary.Breakfast for four was included in our room price, and on two days we ate in the ballroom, and the last day in the restaurant. The ballroom was spacious but the restaurant was crowded at 8am, so if you eat there, go early. The Marriott cost more than we normally would have paid for a hotel, but can't be beat on value. I can recommend the executive level for any families with children visiting Berlin. You may pay more per night, but the free food and drinks will save you money in the end. Any military personnel can also contact the base travel agent to receive the same deal we did,  anyone overseas who can read German should go to one of the travel companies online. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1120,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1114}]}