{"text":"Best hotel we ever stayed at! We stayed here at both the beginning and end of our trip, so experienced two different rooms. The first was a deluxe double, which was a corner room on the 31st floor with two double beds. It was marvelous. Immaculately clean, contemporary design, spacious (and not just for Japan!) and very well thought out in so many ways. Take for example the desk - it was situated at right angles to the corner window, alongside a small counter containing a lamp with a dimmer switch, numerous outlets, telephone jack and Ethernet port, pen and paper, and tissues. In the desk drawer was a LAN cable! As I set up my laptop, I realized that my power cord had a 3-prong plug and the outlet was only for a two-prong plug. A call to housekeeping brought the adaptor to my room in minutes. The climate control worked beautifully in the room, there were 3 of each towel for two people, and two different bathrobes for each of us. There were both a normal and a buckwheat pillow on each bed, and extras in the closet. The comforters were thick and comfy and warm. And yes, they change the duvet cover every day. It's an awesome process - if you get a chance, watch them do it - you'll learn how to make a really awkward process easy and quick!Our second stay was in an Executive Double on the 33rd floor which can only be accessed by using your key in the elevator. It was almost exactly the same room, but on a different corner, and this one was set up with a third bed for my daughter. It was a cot - but more of a portable bed than what you would think of as a cot, not some thin flimsy piece of junk. There was plenty of room even with it, and they rearranged the other furniture so we could still use the sofa and chairs. The Executive room added a DVD player to the flat screen tv (though they don't rent or sell DVDs, so if you want to watch, bring your own!). It also added complimentary bottles of water, and the 3-prong plug adaptor was already in the desk socket. It included breakfast in the Executive lounge on the 35th floor. I have seen several people complain here about the crowds there - we did not experience that. We ate there on a Sunday and a Monday morning, and it was very quiet both times, with plenty of choices, and they refilled things constantly. It was fine - although the buffet we paid for downstairs in the lobby in the Garden Cafe was absolutely outstanding! But it was $25 pp.As a matter of fact, all the food we ate at the hotel was outstanding. The service was excellent. Everything was excellent about the dining experiences except of course the prices. As in every other hotel I've stayed at in Japan, the prices were exorbitant. But when you're exhausted and it's cold and rainy out and you don't want to experiment any more for one meal, it's an awesome treat...I'm not going to repeat what all the other reviews said about the awesome views, fabulous bathrooms, etc. other than to agree.Overall, if you can afford it and want to be pampered, stay here. I can't imagine staying anyplace in Tokyo other than this if I ever go back! ","annotations":[]}