{"text":"Hotel Principal - Fantastic Hotel I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Principal with my new husband. We were visiting Barcelona for a short break to see the sights and i had previously booked a higher star rated hotel and changed last-minute as we realised it was quite far out from the centre. I booked this hotel based on the previous reviews and i am so glad i did!!!We got a taxi direct to the hotel for around 25 euros, we arrived 2 hours before check-in and although our room wasn't ready we were able to leave our luggage in a side room and asked to come back an hour later (so still earlier than we were supposed to check-in). La Rambla is less than a 5 minute walk and is really the centre of going anywhere in Barcelona.We returned and got the key to our room, where we were so pleasantly surprised, the room\/bed\/sheets were spotless as was the bathroom with an amazing power shower, some toiletries, clean towels (which were changed every day) and a hairdryer. We had a TV with lots of channels, altho the only English speaking channel was CNN, but who cares, you're not there for the tv!! You have free access to internet in the hotel, they have 2 or 3 PC's which you can use at anytime and vending machines, for drinks\/snacks\/neccessities.They have a buffet breakfast from 7.30-10.30, for about 7 euros, we never had this but it looked lovely and fresh. The hotel is totally non-smoking, I do smoke but i either went out to the front of the hotel where they had ashtrays or up to the terrace on the roof. The hotel knew we had recently married and they left us a bottle of champagne in our room on the first night with a note to say it was a present to us from the hotel, we were totally overwhelmed as we actually honeymooned in a 5star+ hotel in Mexico and didn't even get so much as a congratulations so it was lovely to have that little caring touch.At the top of the street that the hotel is on there is a little bar\/cafe on corner, i think it's called Zanzibar or something similar, the sncks were lovely, and they do the most amazing mohitos. Was lovely to come back after a day of sightseeing and sit there and relax and people watch.I would definitly recommend doing the 2 day Turistic bus tours which run on red\/blue\/circle routes. The best way to see all of Barcelona in a nut shell - costs 20 E for 1 day or 26E for 2 days, you can buy tickets from Placa Catalyan which is a square at the top of La Rambla, you will see the buses\/tour guides when you go up there. My husband and I also had the best meal of our lives at Shoko, a Japanese restaurant down at Port Olympic, we got the Blue Route bus and got off at Po Ol, you will see it from the main road if you go back on yourself, it's tucked in behind the casino. Food amazing and gorgeous setting\/atmosphere. We both had starters\/mains and i had dessert and a bottle of wine for around 80E but definitly worth it :) Overall, we loved it, there are lots of pickpockets around but if you're aware of them it's fine, we never had any problems although we did see 2 men being pickpocketed, but they had left their bags on the ground and open wide, think they were also locals as we tried to explain to them what had happened and they didn't understand. Just make sure you keep your bags closed\/zipped and in front of you and it's fine. ","annotations":[]}