{"text":"A Winning Hotel on the Left Bank With the value of the dollar falling and my taste in hotels being 5- star, I decided to find a boutique hotel on the left bank with a good package. After a thorough investigation, I booked the honeymoon package at the Hotel d'Aubusson for 6 nights with my husband. We laughed at the name of the package, as we've been married for 37 years, but this could indeed be suited for honeymooners.Everything was terrific. Included for 400 Euros a night was a personal driver who picked us up at the airport. After waiting just 10 minutes upon arrival at 10 a.m., we were brought to a spacious luxury room where a dozen roses were sitting on the coffee table. The flowers stayed in bloom for our complete stay.We were given a buffet breakfast each day set in a beautiful room with old beamed ceilings. Other perks were small gifts left for us each day in our room including a split of champagne, luggage tags, a fabulous gourmet champagne lunch, admission to a museum and tickets for the Baton Mouche. There might have been more but I can't remember.The best part about the hotel was it's location. We walked everywhere. We were surrounded by excellent bistros, good shopping and nearby musuems and sightseeing. We especially enjoyed Paris Walks, a company that gives daily walking tours. You can find them at www.---.com.The staff couldn't have been more helpful. They made dinner reservations upon our request, and we truly enjoyed both of Guy Savoy's baby bistros, Les Bouquinistes which was just around the corner and Atelier Maitre Albert which was a quick 10-minlute walk from the hotel. Both restaurants had waiters who spoke fluent English, and the menus were translated although they were filled with Parisians. Friends of ours stayed around the corner from us at Relais Christine and thought our hotel was much prettier and a better deal. We will be back. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":676,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":670}]}