{"text":"Novotel Amsterdam Leaves Pretty Much Everything to be Desired from the Top Down This hotel has problems from the front door to the rooftop, but mostly with the attitude of its staff.Walking into the lobby is like walking into an ashtray despite the no smoking signs. I could feel the cancer cells forming as I stood there.We called after we arrived in Amsterdam and were told that despite the early arrival time our room would be ready at 9:30. That being the case, we turned down an offer from a family member to use their room at the Holiday Inn (a much smarter booking decision as it turns out) to get a little much-needed rest. When we got to the Novotel, we were told the room was not ready and just needed to be cleaned. At 10am we were told to wait patiently while the desk manager went to a brief management meeting. After he got back at 10:15 we were told the room still just needed to be cleaned and we should be more patient. At this point we were still sitting, or should I say laying full out on sofas?, in the ashtray, I mean lobby, fast asleep. At 11:20, and several return trips to the desk where several large groups had been checked in, our room was finally ready. When we asked to speak with the manager, the desk guy refused until we insisted. At that point the duty manager appeared and in so many words asked what the heck was our problem after having been given a skewed version of the preceding events. I know this because they decided to speak amongst themselves in Dutch, never stopping to consider if any of us spoke Dutch. Unfortunately for them, I speak it fluently. Very uncool, and very poor style.After receiving our dose of verbal abuse, we told him that we wanted to speak with the General Manager who doesn't seem to be available to anyone but his management. It's been 3 days and despite having repeatedly told the duty managers that we expect to hear from the GM, nothing...Customer service here is lousyDirectly above our room is a construction zone that starts every morning at 8am. Another nice touch.Desk staff on the day shift could benefit significantly from custoemr service training. They seem to only be interested in having us charge things to the room. For example, when you ask a simple question, Where is the nearest laundromat?, the answer is you can have the clothes washed here (at exhorbitant rates) and put it on your room. And so forth...Clearly this hotel has training and leadership issues that directly impact the quality of the stay.I would not recommend this hotel, although we have stayed here mutliple times each year for the past 15+ years. This is the 1st bad experience, but by far the most memorable. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2034,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2030}]}