{"text":"our worst vacation ever We arrived at the Serenis on Christmas day, there were no problems with the airport, transfers or check in at the hotel. The ride to this resort is about 1 hour. We checked in and our room smelled really bad, I have asthma  we travel frequently so this was not my first trip. We opened the sliding door that leads to a balcony, this did work but it didn't work quickly  the cleaning staff kept closing the door. The weather was cloudy  really windy for the first 3 - 4 days, the last 2 days it was very nice, warmer  less breezy. The resort offers diving on site  this is the reason we booked this resort, I asked our travel company about the diving  was told it was available on site. We went to the dive shack  were told that it is their winter  they weren't diving there because it was too rough, but they could set us up so we could dive over at Catalina. We went to see our agent in the hotel who not only wouldn't recommend the dive people on site and led us to believe we would be ripped off by these people but he also refused to recommend another dive out fit that we could use. We payed to dive over at Catalina, cash only, and when the morning of the dive came the dive master showed up  said they weren't diving over in Catalina because the weather was too bad. He told us to go down by the pool around 10:00 AM and we could get our money back, so we did  we received a full refund with no problem at all. I would recommend manuel  his staff, they can't control the weather  they were very nice to us. I do have a problem though with a company that highly recommends this resort on their web site but refuses to refer people staying at the resort to the dive shop, why recommend this hotel then if the people working on site can't be trusted?? I would understand if there was a competition over the diving between the hotel  our travel company but our company doesn't offer any dive tours so that was not the reason.Next there was the food  I have to say it was the worst we've had any where in the decade we've been traveling. The steak house was really good  breakfast was decent but the buffet and the other restaraunts were terrible. I lost weight on this vacation.The company I booked this through neglected to mention the restaraunts are limited to 2 bookings per 4 night stay  3 per 7 night stay subject to availability. I would not have booked this hotel for that reason alone.The resort itself is clean and the staff is excellent. The web site shows a way smaller version of this resort on line, we were stunned at the size of this place. There are sets of 2 and 3 story buildings that have 8 rooms across each level and they are listed alphabetically from A through L on each side of the walkway, it reminded me of an apartment complex.Take note, you cannot take mama wanna out of the DR. The people who sell it on the tours will tell you it's no problem but we watched them take it from people in the airport and they were not happy! They told us we could take it as long as it has liquid in it but like i said they were taking it from people at the airport. You can bring back cigars but no cubans, we bought a different brand and didn't encounter any problems.This resort is listed as 3 star on the internet but apple had it listed as 4 apples in their brochure, so be careful. We will be staying in 5 star or above from now on. ","annotations":[]}