{"text":"Exceedingly poor service and mildewed rooms mars otherwise decent enough resort We just got back from a trip around Puerto Rico in which we had the misfortune of staying at La Gran Melia Resort in Rio Grande on two occasions over the course of two weeks. The combination of over-the-top ostentatiousness, exceedingly inefficient service (with the exception of that which is offered to Royalty Service patrons), mildewed rooms (we stayed in 3 of them, all of which had the same problem to differing degrees) and being nickel-and-dimed for everything (including hi-speed internet access - they give you the dial up for free) made for an overall unpleasant stay in what would have otherwise been a decent enough place.Check-in (we arrived at 4:00) took several hours - there were no rooms available with 2 beds and we are a family of 3. At 6:30 we were finally given a room that reeked of mildew. The delay in check-in meant that we were unable to make it out to Fajardo to go to the bioluminescent bay as we had planned. I complained to management the next day an we were upgraded to one of the Royalty Service rooms, which was a significant improvement (in fact, I would never stay there again unless I were to have Royalty Service (which is how *all* of the guests should treated - not just those who fork over the extra $$). The grounds are fairly spread out, which was a huge problem fore me as I have limited mobility due to a disability. We were told that carts circled the property regularly or that all we had to do was call and someone in a cart would come to pick me up whenever we needed transportation. The only carts circling the property regularly were security\/landscaping\/housekeeping. I called to request a cart on THREE separate occasions and no-one came after more than 20 minutes of waiting!! (The night before we were leaving I even arranged in advance to have a cart pick us up in the morning and it never came!! (In addition to the prior arrangement I made the night before I called in the morning to make sure they would send it to no avail). I should point out, however, this was not the case when we stayed in the Royalty Service quarters, as they have butlers available for transport, etc. at all times. Again, this is the treatment that should be offered to *all* of the patrons, not just those in Royalty Service.The inefficiency with which the place is run is staggering!! In addition to the outrageously long wait for check-in, each time you leave during your stay you have to get your parking ticket validated (for which there was generally a line). On our check-in for the second visit (a week after the first), we requested that express checkout paperwork be sent to our room to avoid the interminable and unavoidable line. The paperwork was never sent.The tendency to nickel-and-dime the patrons for everything from lying on the canopyed beds by the pool to using the high speed internet was rather annoying. Another *huge* problem for me were the polished marble floors all over the place (very slippery when wet (and it rains a lot in Puerto Rico) - I fell on two occasions).I would not stay there again unless I were in Royalty Service (and even then, I'd have to think twice about it). ","annotations":[]}