{"text":"Hotel Luxembourg Parc--not quite what expected I booked this hotel after much research and Trip Advisor recommendations. I had every intention of loving this hotel and was surprised when I didn't. However, would I go there again--yes.Positive:1. Location, location, location.2. The actual building is charming--all of the prior reviews are accurate to my way of thinking.3. The staff is helpful.4. The hotel is well maintained.5. The breakfast is fine--especially if it is included in your room rate.Negative:There is only one--but it did influence the way I felt about the hotel from the first minute we walked in our room. I had corresponded at length with the hotel regarding different categories of rooms, their size, rate, etc. Based on this correspondence I picked the room type that I thought would work for us. Before we were taken to the room I confirmed with the front desk that the room was the category I had requested. The room was absolutely NOT what we had requested. The suitcases had been brought to our room and the desk clerk was no longer available for the night. The next morning I did check with a different person at the front desk about this room and she confirmed what the night clerk had said. I didn't want to make a deal out of it and be the ugly American so I didn't mention it again. On check-out we were asked to write a review for TA and that is why this is being written. My own experience may seem petty to others but it wasn't to me. My investment in a vacation--of both time and money--is valuable to me. In this economy I don't feel that any establishment can afford to disregard reasonable requests by any guest--especially those who have expressed an interest in returning.If there is a next time I will do more to guarantee that there will not be the same mix-up. No trip is perfect and I didn't expect this to be. I just did expect to get what I thought I had purchased.This said--I WOULD return to this hotel for all the positive reasons stated. ","annotations":[]}