{"text":"Great Stay at LTI Just back a week ago from a week stay at the LTI Beach Resort  Spa in Punta Cana. We had a great stay and would definitely recommend this hotel. We found all of the staff very helpful (especially Manuel at reception!). I'll just add a few things that we found that I didn't see covered in other reviews... We ended up not arranging for transportation before we left and had no problem at all. There are tons of taxis avail. at the airport in clearly marked vehicles. We were quoted prices $40 - $38. We found one taxi group that would take us for $35. We ended up taking a taxi back to the airport as well and it was $38. The trip takes about a half hour. We never changed money, everyone took U.S dollars or euros. As suggested by other reviews, we requested Building 4 or 5 when we arrived. As of August 8, 2008 Building 5 is considered 'superior' and would be $25 additional per person per night and Buidling 4 is currently under construction. They ended up showing us a couple of rooms to let us choose and we choose one in Building 3. Of the rooms we were shown, we choose one on the 3rd floor (the top) because it had a vaulted ceilng so felt a lot bigger and the air seemed to move a bit better. Buidling 3 was very centrally located, but one of the great aspects of this hotel is that nothing is very far. There is the main buffet restaurant and 2 a la carte restaurants. We were there in the off season so the a la carte restaurants did not require a reservation but still did have a dress code (long pants for men, no sandals, etc.). Since we enjoyed the beach so much, we just ended up taking one excursion. We did the Carribean Festival which included great snorkeling and then swimming with nurse sharks and interacting with sting rays. It was $78 per person for a half day and definitely worth it. You can also get snorkeling gear for an hour a day at the beach activities buidling but there is a roped off swimming area (lots of boats going by) so not much to see. You can also sign up for a catamaran ride once per stay. The shops are a pretty short walk down the beach (one hotel over) and the haggeling over prices is pretty fun! They also have a couple of tables set up a couple of nights right at the hotel with jewelry and cigars. We did actually find that the little end shop set up permanently by the pool (connected to the t-shirt shop) had really great prices for jewelry.We enjoyed our stay and think that the beach was one of the best we've visited. The room was clean and had everything we needed (even if the beds were really hard!). The minibar was stocked every day (w 2 lg. bottles of water, 2 cokes, 2 sprites). We came back very relaxed and with very good memories of the DR. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1761,"mention":"sting","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sting_Energy_Drink"],"startOffset":1756}]}