{"text":"Loved Hotel America Just returned from a week in Barcelona staying at the hotel America.Loved the hotel especially the rooftop pool and terrace. Great place to chill after being out and about with the option to order food and drink to the terrace. The hotel was clean with modern decor. More of a boutique style hotel. The staff were nice, friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and comfortable with a free room safe which was a welcome find. The hotel had a small bar next to the reception which had a computer with free internet access. There was also a small gym(which provided water) and a sauna.Breakfast was great and although there was no restaurant this did not affect us as we were happy to eat out at the many restaurants within walking distance. Found some lovely seafood restaurants down at Port Olympic( a taxi ride away) which were extremely popular. Passage De Gracia was a 5 min walk away and it was about 15 min walk to the top of Ramblas.There was a subway one block from the hotel which was great if the feet needed a rest. An added bonus was the hotel's Smart car which you could have, for free, for 4 hours. We managed to borrow it hassle free and headed to a shopping outlet.The only cons were, the room had no drawers at all,there was no iron( ironing service available at a price), the air con occasionally became noisy which if you were a light sleeper was at times very annoying (you became too hot when it was switched off) and there was a bit of noise from the other guests returning at night. There were repairs to the roof terrace being carried out for 3 days, after we left, resulting in the pool area being closed. Thankfully this did not affect us as this was our haven for the duration of the holiday. The thing I noticed about Barcelona were the constant warnings about pick pockets, when you were sitting at restaurants and going into bars. Thankfully we had no encounters.All in all I would definitely return to hotel America and would recommend it. ","annotations":[]}