{"text":"Do not recommend This might be fine for business travelers who have platinum Hilton cards and get special treatment but for the rest of us, this is not an experience to pay for.The problems began when I arrived to check in at 10am after traveling 18+ hours from NY. The check-in agent told me check-in was at 3pm therefore my room would not be free till then. When I told her of my request upon booking for early check-in, she responded with great irritation that the hotel is under no obligation to give me a room until 3pm. It's at this moment that any respectful front desk employee would make a phone call, try to ring housekeeping, do anything to give the guest the impression she is trying to make an effort. Nothing.Next was the argument over trying to get bag tags as a receipt that I'd left four bags with my valuables in their possession until 3pm check in. No, the hotel keeps the tags she insisted. I tried to explain it was customary in all hotels around the world that hotels and guests kept records of bag tags as proof in the event of lost or misplaced luggage. Recognizing her passive aggressive tone and unwillingness to work with me, I proceeded to make the same request of a bell boy who gave me bag tags without an issue. I was free to wander the streets of Sydney for the next 5 hours...When 3pm rolled around we went up to our room which was tiny and not really worth the wait. The sink was broken and maintenance was called. Hours later they still hadn't come and told me they had no record of my original request.Internet is $29.99 a day. Come on! This is 2008-- build it into the room rate but don't offend me by asking for an extra $30. This might be something the business travelers pay because their corporations foot the bill but even they should find it outrageous.The hotel had an event on the Saturday night I stayed that made that evening especially uncomfortable. Upon returning from a movie at 12:30am, we could not physically walk into the hotel. The entrance and driveway was totally blocked by drunk party revelers who were in various stages of disarray. Once we pushed our way in, we ended up in an elevator with more of these party guests. One was jumping up and down in the elevator ride, hazing other guests in the elevator and screaming. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a prude, I go to parties, drink and have fun, but I do not behave like an animal like these people did. When we told the hotel about the experience upon checkout they handed us a questionnaire to fill out. Given how it felt to be a guest at the Sydney Hilton, I have a hunch my complaint will fall into the cracks of the corporate system. ","annotations":[]}