{"text":"Below Average Resort We stayed at the Occidental Grand (Flamenco) at the end of Dec. 2006 and into the New Year. Overall, we found this a below average resort and would not return. Although there wasn't one thing\/event that put us off, it was a number of little things\/annoyances that all added up. Having never booked over the New Year, we were excited to attend the festivities at the resort. Unfortunately, it seems the resort almost overbooked the rooms because our first headache after flying 7 hours was the fact that our room was not ready (despite booking in October) - in fact, they initially gave us the wrong room keys. We were not prepared to leave all of our bags unattended in some other room, as they suggested, while waiting for our actual room, so we had to wait another hour before we finally checked in. We observed several other groups arriving at the same time who were also having problems checking in.A general comment as well about the staff - there is a definite language barrier if you cannot speak Spanish . This is most pronounced at the various restaurants\/buffet but is even present at the front desk. Although all the staff acted like they were genuinely interested in trying to help, it seemed sometimes like they were just saying what we wanted to hear and then wouldn't follow through. The rooms were clean but quite spartan. We booked a room with a king size bed and got one with a twin bed and a half pushed together (seriously!). One of these beds (the half-twin) was unusable because it sagged virutally to the ground in its middle. Unlike the advertisement, there was no air conditioning. The TV remote did not work and our toilet barely flushed. We did not have beach towels in our room like they told us and had to track down towel cards.The food at the buffet and 3 other restaurants we ate at was average. Although our voucher stated guaranteed reservations at the restaurants within 24 hours of arriving, we were not able to get these reservations and had to settle with whatever was left over (hence we only ate at 3\/5 restaurants). Although the staff were friendly in all the resaturants, as mentioned there was a language barrier. Obviously, we don't expect to be waited on hand-and-foot in any restaurant, but we would hope after sitting for 20 minutes that we would be acknowledged and could order a drink in an all inclusive resort.We found the resort very busy\/crowded in the first few days leading up to New Year's - you definitely had to get up early in the morning if you wanted a chair on the beach or you were out of luck; after NY's, it was significantly less crowded. This is probably to be expected at this time of year.I also agree with another reviewer: try to avoid the wandering resort promoter and his sales pitch - a tip-off might be when you are offered your welcome gift on your last day at the resort (this actually happened to us).This resort is not equivalent to equal starred resorts we have stayed at in Mexico\/Cancun (four to four and a half stars). The Flamenco would be equivalent ,we think, to a three or three and half star resort in Mexico. Perhaps we are expecting too much - the Dominican is a less developed country than Mexico although Punta Cana in particular is a tourist hot spot now. Overall, the minor amount of money saved and novelty of the Dominican do not make up for all the little inconveniences\/problems and we would not return. ","annotations":[]}