{"text":"Not what I expected Upon arrival I was surprised to have construction going on in a building next door. I wish we had been informed of this. There was a planned power outage that we were informed of only we checked in. Jack-hammer noise during the work day hours was annoying! There were barriers and temporary walkways set up all around the entrance.We requested twin beds for my son and I. We got a king size. When I mentioned it as we first walked in the room, we were told someone would be in to separate the beds. It took about 15 minutes for the staff to accomplish the bed situation. The picture headboard is not completely framed along the bottom, so each day the room was cleaned they would push the beds back together. Why not just give us another room?The front desk called us three times in the first hour of our check-in, rather unnecessarily.I had expected a less busy street with a quieter ambiance and was surprised at how busy the street location was. It may be great to have a Metro stop just yards away, but keep in mind that you may also hear it. I could hear the rumbling of the subway more than every 2 minutes at peak times. We had a room on the second floor. Maybe those rooms higher don't experience this. I am surprised that I never saw it mentioned in any reviews I had read before booking. We got the non-smoking room we requested, but there was a constant smell of cigarette smoke coming in our room, likely from neighboring rooms. The staff was friendly, but not all of them understood us. We would ask for coffee in our room each day and each time we got something different. Not sure why.Errors on the bill had mini-bar usage that we never used and breakfast at the hotel charged to us on our departure day-we never ate at the hotel, most certainly not on an early AM check-out.On a positive note, the beds were comfortable and there was free wireless internet available in our room. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1543,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1537}]}