{"text":"great spot We just arrived home last night---and really enjoyed our week here.It was our first time in the DR, although we have travelled to other Caribbean islands and also to Europe. Overall, our experience was positive...one downfall is the time share representatives who try their best to lure you into forsaking a couple of hours of your precious vacation time to hear their spiel...but we learned how, quickly!, to say no and continue walking away. This hassling did bother my husband more than me and splitting up as we left the buffet after breakfast worked well to dissuade them from approaching.Our room initially was on the 3rd floor, and after asking for a switch (my husband cannot manage the stairs well due to a back injury) we were moved to a much nicer room on the ground floor.Unlike others who have written reviews, we never had a shortage of hot water, nor did our electricity fail, nor did we find the maids anything other than wonderful!! As for service, yes, I admit that in the buffet area, service was usually slow and often we found it frustrating...however, at the a la carte restaurants, service was much better. The food was always wonderful....no complaints from us! The variety was excellent, the presentations were great, always well cooked and no shortage of anything. In future, I would bring my own tea from home, as I didn't care for their classic tea. The grounds are immaculate, landscaping is like in a park, the pools (3) were clean, well-cared for and the beach is amazing.I read someone else's critique of the hotel and she mentionned the beach was windy. Can anyone figure out how a hotel can be blamed because Mother Nature chooses to bless this area with a beautiful breeze!!!!!!!??! Because of this breeze, there are no mosquitoes....and who can complain about that?? The beach was amazingly clean and beautiful.....with waves crashing and surf rolling.. The entertainment is similar to that of other island resorts---but I found the talent-pool at this resort above average. The shows were fun, costumes beautiful, routines were well-choreographed and those dancers work soooo hard to entertain!!As for no shopping outside the resort---well, I personally didn't go there to shop....so don't feel that I should comment. In reading other reviews, it seems that some persons are upset that the roads were dusty, the shopping was poor to non-existent and that the local persons, ie, staff in the hotel, were lazy. What seems to have been forgotten is that this IS a 3rd world country, whose citizens live in a reality far far different from what is experienced behind those gates........and that, on all of our parts, as tourists visiting THEIR home, we need to accept them as they are and not be upset if they don't conform to OUR standards.Isn't that why we travel in the first place?? .........to experience new things....if one wants to always have things as they are at home,.. then maybe that's where one should have stayed! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1337,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":1334},{"endOffset":1387,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":1384}]}