{"text":"A top notch resort that could be over the top with a few changes My wife and I spent 2 nights at the Wyndham Rio Mar following a cruise. Much of what I say or could say is probably repiticious of things said in the 400 plus reviews before us, so I will try and add a few new perspectives.This was our 6th trip to Puerto Rico in the last 5 years. We have stayed at least twice at the Condato Plaza (formerly a Wyndham) and the Marriott, both in the Condato area of San Juan and the Hampton Inn on Isle Verde near the airport. This resort which is about 30 miles East of San Juan has them all beat. It is a beautiful property in what appears to be part of a planned community of over 500 acres which includes not only this resort, but condominiums, time shares, one or two 18 hole golf courses etc. The only downsides are the expensive restaurants (which could easily cut their prices by 30%, do more business, make more money and still be above other restaurant prices) and the sound proofing issue. They should hire the company who construced the Hampton Inn near the Airport as an example of good sound proofing. With these 2 issues taken care of I would easily raise my rating to 5 stars. A special plus must be given to the smoke free Casino which is a rarity outside of Canada and made my $80 donation to the Casino Black Jack fund a little more palatable. The staff at the resort goes above and beyond to be helpfull. There are 4 (yes 4) Concierges avaiable duing the day. As for restaurant recommendations off the resort property they not only give you an extensive list in writing, but answer questions you may have on each and give you preprinted driving direction for each and any other place else you may want to go.We had our 2 dinners out at Antojitos about 5 minutes from the resort and at La Parilla about 15 minutes from the resort. Both offered tasty Puerto Rican food (meat or chicken with beans and sauce over rice) at normal restaurant prices. We also spent one morning driving thru the El Yunqke National (rain) Forest which starts about 15 minuites from the resort. The resort is in fact in Rio Grande, as opposed to being in the El Yunque Natioal Forest as listed by Trip Adviser. One pleasnt surprise which was referenced in only 1 previous review which I read was the Isamar Bakery and Pizzaria which is located at the intersection of Highway 3 and 968 before you enter the resort. Not only are the prices more than reasonable but their baked goods were delicious as were their sandwiches and provided our needs for both of our breakfasts and lunches. The clientele at Isamar is mostly local and the adjoining busineses appeared to be a little seady. This however shoul not deter you as the only alternatve at the resort is the ERB stand next to the Casino where the prices on comparable items are 2 to 4 times as expensive and they are not as good as Isamar..If your desire is to enjoy a luxurios resort without the husle, bustle and night life of San Juan, you will not be disapointed. Those more interested in Old San Juan should stay elsewhere. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2512,"mention":"sandwiches","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":2502},{"endOffset":2512,"mention":"sandwiches","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":2502}]}