{"text":"Horrible!!! (Don't go!!!) My family (party of 6) and I stayed at this hotel from August 11th until the 12th (one night) of 2008. The experience was horrible!!The condition of the hotel is terrible. IT NEEDS TO BE CLOSED FOR REMODELING URGENTLY! We stayed at the new tower and we were told, when I went to the Frontdesk to ask for a bedroom change, that bedrooms from the main building were in worst conditions. I was at awe! Just couldnÈ?ìt believe it. Just the executive floor rooms in the main building are ok, the nice lady told me.We had two rooms and I could see the following: Lobby were fine, hallsÈ?ìcarpet had dark stains, doors metal frames were rusted, doors were scratched, rooms carpets were stained, bathroom were in bad shape, balcony windows were rusted, beds were ok and sheets ok (the employees made an effort to make the hotel look in the best way they could, but it was just not possible due to the conditions of the premises).I went to the pool the next day with my children. They were green fungus on the wall of the pool (the water looked okay) and on the stairs. The kiosk where the hand the towels out was in a very bad shape (the wood was all scratched and dirty, just terrible). Overall the problem with this hotel is the conditions of its premises, the employees tryed to give us the best service possible and they were well dressed with very good manners (the bell boy was all sweaty and dirty though).Beware of the valet parking fee, try to park your car yourself or you will be charged USD21.45 for everyday your car is in the parking lot.I was told by the manager that the hotel is planning a remodeling, but it will be done at a slow pace without disrupting current operations. I recommend they shut down this hotel and do a complete remodeling (a serious one not like they suposedly did on the new tower). Prior to this time, I stayed at this hotel two years ago and it was fine (more than fine it was wonderful). I donÈ?ìt understand how in such a short period of time a hotel could be so wore down.Try another hotel in better shape, like Hotel El Condado or the Marriott (at the Condado neigborhood). Or Hotel Don Diego in the Old San Juan Area (by the cathedral). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":523,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":519}]}