{"text":"What a gorgeous Hotel! I was staying in Paris by myself, having never been there before, in between visiting 2 lots of friends in Europe. From the minute I arrived, I knew that I had made the right choice. This hotel is beautiful. There were some very minor renovations still going on, but absolutely nothing that bothered me (like some tape around room numbers while they were painting, which was there one day, gone the next). I never saw any work, or heard anything. I stayed in a standard room, but it was quite large by Paris standards from what I had read on this website. I had a lovely comfortable bed, writing desk, bed side tables, bar fridge and LCD TV. There was a little foyer with a closet in between the bathroom and bedroom. I even had a bath. On request, the hotel provided tea and coffee making which I believe is standard for the bigger rooms. I used my iphone in my room and in the garden with the free wi-fi the hotel provided. There is also a computer with free web access near the lobby. The foyer downstairs was divine, the garden immaculate and I can't rate this hotel high enough. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. What makes this hotel a stand out is the little supermarket, no more than a 20 second walk across the street. It is such a charming place. It's located in the 17th arrondissement, which is quite residential (but Parisian residences are vastly different to Australian so don't be turned off by that). It gave me a real insight into the Parisian culture being in this location. I was a little worried about the hotel being away from all the action when I booked it, but it definitely was not. A lovely short 7 minute walk or so, and you were at the Acr de Triumph, which is at the top of the shopping end of the Champs Elysees. This is a quieter part of Paris, but definitely not away from the action. I will stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat. It made my short 3 day trip to Paris memorable. When I was leaving, a couple of the larger rooms were being cleaned and I had a quick peak. If you have more than a couple of people, or you want to splurge on the bigger room, you will not be disappointed. They were individually decorated and looked spacious and very charming. I can't wait to return to this hotel again. I don't usually write reviews on things, but seeing as I found this hotel after looking at this website, I wanted everyone else to have the benefit of my experience. ","annotations":[]}