{"text":"Just say No! Do yourself a favor and just stop reading all the reviews and pick another hotel.... Dirty, smelly, no hot water, more timeshare salespersons than maintenance staff, ash tray for a beach. I met my brother here for a quick trip. We were meeting at the hotel since we came in on different flights. When I checked in I asked the gentleman if my brother had checked in yet... They didn't understand. When I asked again he looked perplexed... I asked that he make sure we have two separate beds since I was rooming with my brother. The man just gave me a big wink and nod and said No problem insinuating that I was a married woman (I am) meeting my boyfriend. (He gave us a King bed). I asked for a safe (you have to ask for and pay for it) and the man seemed insulted and asked why I wanted that.... I informed him that I actually read any waivers that I sign, including the long, small print one they gave me at check in, and that since I signed that I would not hold the hotel liable for anything stolen from my room I would be needing a safe. He gave me a KEY safe... give me a break! Our room had a septic odor that would come and go, one night it was so bad it woke both of us up! We never had hot water in the room, neither did the rest of our building (10) from what we heard from the other friends we traveled with. The beach is one giant ash tray with cigarette butts everywhere... such a shame because it really is beautiful. The fruit was EXCELLENT, very fresh and ripe! The rest was fine... nothing spectacular. The entire resort is filled with nuisances... You have to make reservations for any of the specialty restaurants (not a big deal) but you cannot call in for them, you have to go to the special reservation desk (and pray someone is there). Timeshare sales persons galore. Constant badgering to take photos with the monkey, parrots etc. (they want you to buy them in the photo area). I was dragged out of my beach chair to take pics on multiple occasions. There are no defined topless areas. I saw saggy ones everywhere (even the buffet line at lunch). The only place to get a beach towel is at the one far end of the beach (near all the tour service booths). My brother and I were pressured to take scuba lessons and get our PADI certificate in one afternoon (how does that work?) and dive the same day. We explained we were leaving the next day and she still pushed us to sign up. We said we would get back to her, later we ran into a friend that is certified and he told us that you cannot fly within 24hr of a dive due to the nitrogen. Clearly the dive center was only worried about making money and not our well being. Overall I firmly believe that Punta Cana was put together as one big tourist trap, there is nothing authentic about it and there is nothing around to do to get the feel for the local culture\/history. Punta Cana is a good place for spring breakers or people who only want to lie on the beach. ","annotations":[]}