{"text":"Globalia Punta Cana Grand was just OK My mother and I just returned from a week at the Globalia Punta Cana Grand. The travel agent at Apple Vacations recommended it to us because it fit within our budget of $1100 per person for a week. This was our 5th trip to the Dominican so we are very familiar with the way the all inlcusive resorts are run. I must say I was a little dissapointed. I had read all of the reviews, some terrible and some were encouraging. I believe the reason for the broad spectrum of reveiws must be because people have very different standards. Apple rated this a 5 apple and I definately disagree and would have rated it a 4 apple. The check in was quick and easy although the front desk employees were not overly friendly. the bell hop took us to a room that smelled moldy and the very small bathroom was very old and had a chipped sink, broken toilet seat and had mold in the grouting of the floor and walls. After a few minutes in the room we returned to the front desk and said the room was unacceptable and that my mother fell off the broken toilet seat. They moved us to a room that was much newer and nicer and quite acceptable, although the view was awful. You looked directly at a tin roof of a smaller building. we had asked for building #7 which is what the reviews said you should do, but they told us it would be an additional $50 a day for building #7. The maid service was excellent.The biggest thing that stood out to us the entire week was the fact that this was a very old resort that needed a lot of updating. the food at the main buffet was overall good although the food at the beach resturant was awful. We were always able to find somehting we liked at the main buffett and the wait staff was very accomodating. We did see a little rodent twice, once in the diningroom and once in the theater. I am not sure if it was a mouse or small rat, but it definately freaked us out. The seaweed that I read about was also an issue but it was not only at the Globalia it was at the Allegro and Natura Park and that entire little stirp. We walked the beach each day and I noticed it was infront of all three resorts. The maintainence guys did a great job of cleaning it up all day with rakes and removing it with wheel barrows. The entertainment was what I had experienced at all the other resorts but some of the games had too much of a sexual overtone to it and I was a bit offended and embarrassed at times. I guess I am somewhat of a prude and I was with my 76 year old mother. the drinks were awful - very poor selection, no vodka, whiskey or gin, just rum, beer and wine and the pina colodas and frozen daquries were watered down and syrupy sweet. Overall it was Ok but I think you get what you pay for and although it wasn't horrible for $1100 a week, next time I will pay an additional $400 and go back to the Iberostar or somewhere a little more upscale. ","annotations":[]}