{"text":"Fix the air conditioning and you would have a great hotel I stayed at this hotel for one night in January and liked it enough to book my week-long summer stay for the following June. However, in January I guess the air conditioning was not working either but it was not needed due to the cool weather. As soon as I stepped into the lobby I was greeted by the sound and effect of several (10+) fans and portable air conditioning units. The units seemed to do little to cool the place and it was very hot and humid - I felt sorry for the front desk girls that had to work in that heat. I asked about the problems and was told that the A\/C was functioning fine in the rooms, which it was. I was subsequently told by another employee that the A\/C had been broken as long as she had worked there, which she estimated at 18 months! Not sure why it would be broken for this long, but that seems excessive.Other than the lobby and hallway area A\/C problems, everything was great. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The hotel shuttle took me to several different places within 5 miles of the property. I think downtown would have been outside of their range, but they may take you anyway.My room had a sliding door out to a balcony (10th floor, I think) which was nice as I could get some (hot) fresh air. Bathroom is a little small, but not to the point where it was a problem. Sleep number beds are OK, but I prefer a normal mattress. Seems to be more marketing than actual function, but whatever...The wireless internet access was free and worked well, after I figured out that the wireless radio nearest to my room was apparently not connected to the internet. I had to select a radio on another floor, but it worked fine once I did that.The bar was spacious, had 2 pool tables, and a decent menu. I received a free breakfast at the restaurante every morning, which was above average for a buffet style. It was very good and the waiter was very attentive to my needs.I stayed here while attending a show at the Dallas Market Center, and free shuttle service was provided to and from the complex. I did not spend much time at the hotel as I was either at the show or with business associates at dinner elsewhere.Overall, I would say that for the price this hotel is a decent value. If they would get the A\/C fixed it would be great. I would stay here again, despite the A\/C problems. ","annotations":[]}