{"text":"Our Honeymoon It's taken us a while to write the review to family problems upon our return to the UK but here it is at last...This was our second holiday at Excellence Punta Cana and we chose to come again as we knew we would have a superb honeymoon after our first trip which was amazing.Firstly, anyone from the UK who comes here will want to upgrade to premium on the plane. We flew economy the first time and premium this time and it makes the world of difference on leg room, recline on seats and service which is all important on such a long flight.Get a taxi from the airport, the journey takes an hour and would take longer on the tour operator coach. People complain about the roads but in the 12 months between our stay they have improved dramatically, we have been told that the problem is the rain which is so heavey it takes the tarmac out of the pot holes within days of them being filled in. the new motorway is also being built which will make the world of difference once completed.The resort has a range of restaurants which I am sure you will have read about. Our comment is based solely upon our experience. On several occasions we tried to eat at the pizzaria and waited upto 20 minutes without seeing a member of staff so never did try it. The food is more than good and varied, I think my husbands favourite was probably the langostines in chez isabelle.Rooms- Clean, tidy, maid service varied in timing so was awkward to avoid when taking a trip back to the room. They kindly upgraded us to an excellence room but this was not really different to the standard room except for the additional mini bar facilities.We did have a few problems whilst there and were disappointed, not because they happened but purely because there was no explanation from staff or apology,it was simply ignored.In short, the resort was undergoing some minor construction work (we werent advised of this when booking) and there were several power cuts in the second week of our stay. these were generally over half an hour in length and on more than one occasion lasted several hours. This wouldn't have been a problem except the toilets and running water rely on the electricty to function and even staff were flumoxed as they were washing the floors with pond water!We would strongly recommend taking a day trip to the animal adventure park and upgrading your package to trainer for a day this is still under 拢100.00 per person and you get to swim with sea lions, sharks and rays. You also get to train the sea lions, parrots, hold a monkey, snakes and sit with a full sized tiger in her enclosure! This day trip was probably the highlight of our stay (please ask for photos if you want an idea of how close you can get). The service there was superb they spoke multiple languages very well and were extremely friendly and knowledgeable.Overall I would recommend this resort, the staff are friendly and helpful and we will probably go back again.But will be trying the playa riviera resort next year for our anniversary as we have already been here twice.P.s spannish lessons are best when Franklin is about and the Kafe cafe bar was great in the evenings with jose. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":363,"mention":"premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":356}]}