{"text":"The Worst Hotel Out Of All The Riu Resorts! ! ! ! I have been to Riu resorts 6 times and Riu Bambu was the worst hotel experience ever. I traveled with my parents and my boyfriend. When we arrived the front desk staff were not pleasant at all. There was no type of Friendly Professionalism, they just had us sign papers  give us our room keys without any kind of Politeness, courtesy or orientation.  The rooms were horrible. They had a rotten smell, the lamps were broken, shower had no pressure, bed sheets were dirty and had burn holes from cigarrets, and the room was next to a shop were they paint furniture which produced a horrible smell. We asked to change room and they said only the next day at 2:00. So the next day we lost half a day reminding them about giving us a new room and moving. The new rooms were a little better but still had a lot of problems. Balcony door was not properly set so in the room u would always find bugs. The bed sheets had stains and also had burned hols. The cleaning lady did a horrible job. We had to ask for extra towels cause she didnt give enough, the floors were hardly ever washed, and the room always had a horrible rotten smell.  Well the food was ridiculous; Very small veriety and tastes horrible and from all my stays in punta cana this time the food had me running to the bathroom all week. Their waiters are not pleasent and not polite. When they gave us surveys to fill out a review, one waiter actually stood behind my fathers back to see what he puts and then had the nerve to complain why we marked the service was bad. The tables are hard to find because the waiters take thier sweet time to clean them, and in the morning, you actually have to get up and ask them to bring you coffee. They are very careless and very slow. The pool was nice but was very dirty during the middle of the day because the pools boys dont bother cleaning it more than once a day. The bar in the pool is very nice and the bartenders are very sweet and make good drinks and give good service.  The entertaining team is very nice. They work hard and perform interesting and funny shows. They are a pleasure to be around. One night the hallway in front of our rooms had big spills of water on which my mom fell because she didnt notice it , and when i went to the front dest and notified them on that incident and asked them to notify someone to come and clean it up, no one did(  this was in a 3hr period). On the day befor our checkout, we were supposed to meet with our travel Rep From apple Vacations to confirm out transportation to the Airport, but He decided to take the day off  When I asked the front desk to call him, they wanted me to pay for the call because it was a cell phone number even thought it was a local dominican number (But I refused to pay). Apple Vacations is not the best agency. Well, in conclusion this was the very first time i was happy to leave a resort in punta cana. The hotel is not worth your money and research it more before booking your trip there. If anyone has any questions about this or any other riu resort fell free to contact me at llenchik@aol.com ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1743,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1737}]}