{"text":"Only okay, too much waiting! We spent 7 days at this hotel, and after a few days, we wanted to change hotels. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were told our room was not ready and that they would give us a call as soon as the room actually was ready. Hours passed, still no call. We came back, and they told us the room was ready, but they offered no apology for not calling. To irritate us further, our room came with free buffet breakfast vouchers, which they refused to honour because it 'wasn't in their documentation' even though it was clearly stated while booking online on their official website. Their only suggestion was to find some proof online and show it to them, but they would not cover the expensive internet charges there for doing so.As for the Deluxe Pyrmont View room, it was generally modern and okay. However, the room didn't have a particularly good view and it was not well lit as the lights were oddly placed around the room. The bathroom had a bath\/shower which was not comfortable and the toilet paper was attached to the wall only about 10-20 cm above the floor strangely enough. It is also worth noting that the floor level of the Deluxe room, which was apparently 16, may not have actually been as high as 16. Floors 4, 13 and 14 were simply missing and you could not access them.As for the rest of the 7-day stay there, we found the lifts to be infuriatingly slow to arrive at many times, the concierge gave us incorrect information and room service took over an hour to arrive at about 6 p.m. once. A warning to those staying with people under 18 or slightly above that age, the casino forms a large part of that hotel. If you are under 18, you'll usually have to detour around the casino to get to the other side of the hotel rather than going through it. If you are slightly over 18, you'll constantly have to get your ID checked every time you take a shortcut through the casino. The only particularly good things about the hotel that separated it from any other hotel of the same class was that it has good facilities including a casino, restaurants and theatre. The location was also fairly decent, being located near Darling Harbour and having light rail and bus services beneath it.Overall, however, we would not stay there again, we've stayed at far better hotels in Sydney. ","annotations":[]}