{"text":"Great atmosphere, beach and service My husband and I planned our honeymoon at this resort (June 24-28, 2007). We were very pleased with the service we received from Apple Vacations (the travel agency we used), as well as the resort staff. The resort is breathetaking and very well kept. The rooms are also nice and clean. We got just a standard room and we were quite comfortable. It was never too crowded on the beach and there were always enough chairs for anyone who wanted one. There weren't many people who spoke English, which somehow made the place seem more secluded..if that makes any sense...? I would suggest taking a spanish phrase book along with you, as most of the staff speak Spanish and only a little English. (They usually know enough to get you what you need, however you can tell they appreciate it when you make the effort to speak Spanish.) The only drawback about this resort would be the food. We only ate at the buffetts and the Sports Bar and they weren't anything to brag about. I ended up getting a little sick the night before we left, but nothing a little Pepto couldn't take care of - just stomach issues. (Don't drink tap water!) The staff, however, is amazing and will do anything to keep you happy. We went on the snorkeling excursion and had a really good time. Once again, the staff was so energetic and friendly. Even if you do an all-inclusive trip, I would suggest tipping anyway. I felt the people working for the resort really deserved it and it's not a very wealthy country to begin with. I left $5 for our maid the night before we left with a thank you note, and you could tell she really appreciated it by taking extra good care of us the next day. Just think that a dollar to them probably means a lot more to them than it does to us (in the US). Overall, a great place to honeymoon (if you don't mind kids being there and topless women on the beach!)...just make sure you pack some snacks incase you don't like the food. I don't think the food problem should keep anyone from going to this resort. Feel free to email me with any questions you may have at BridgetLeitman@gmail.com. Enjoy your trip, if you decide to go! ","annotations":[]}