{"text":"Great Service at the Pool - Great Service by Front Office From front desk to back end this was a pleasant and enjoyable experience. I might have done as another and rented a car in retrospec since leaving the resort for any distance is difficult without one. Although, there is a little village just to the north along the parking lot path to some good local establishments, like Tommy's. Back at the resort, the island was very good with great facilities for water sports, good bar and sunning. One in the party did have a day on a hobby cat where the backstay broke, the operators were out in the water to help immedeately. That they were always watching was very good. On another occasion the last shuttle back to the resort was out of fuel anf the resort had to get other boats to transport many back to the resort. The best comment about this incident was by one of the ladies  What a shame they have to give us two more hours in paridise. The resort gave a house credit to everyone and the GM was there to appologize to each guest. Very professional approach.Of special note were some of the most professional staff I have encountered at any property were here in the the front desk and in hospitallity.If there is any thing you needed to be done go straight to Ms Torres and Ms Bosque at the front desk, they must get my special mention. In hospitality Mr J Castro makes a really special Mojito at the Spalsh Bar at the pool. He has a wide range of concoctions and just remembewrs each guest. If he is not there be sure to say hello to Ms A Marquez and Mr J Lopez. These are the best hospitality staff I have meet besides those at the Moana Surfrider, my favorite hotel. Last was the casino, a very pleasant mix of locals and guests. It was just enought to keep you interested but a caution to all is that putting a $100 in the penny slot machine will mean you play forever. A couple of suggestions for the Management:The pool bar needs a couple of ceiling fans for summer circulation and one or two televisions to capture those who want the news or sports. Also light it up at night and keep it open until 9 or 10 pm. That would allow there to be anice afternoon happy hour say 3-5p that would keep people there longer. Might also put stools in the pool side. Food service to the pool should come from both locations instead of just the one bythe cabanas. We had an ocean view room with a great view of the entire resort and a direct walk to the pool and two floors down from the lobby. The steakhouse was delicious, beautifully prepared and presented. The Seafood was tremendous, especially the Sea Bass. Al in all it was great , thanks for a great get away - I will be back ","annotations":[]}