{"text":"Great Stay Just about to check out of the H10 Universitat. Have had a wonderful stay and thought the hotel was very good value overall.Location is wonderful - basically at the top of the Ramblas so whenever you go out you get a lovely walk down the Ramblas. 7 euro taxi ride from Estacio del nord bus station, but easy access to walk or metro. We had a room on the top floor to the back of the hotel and never got any noise whatsoever. The receptionists and cleaning staff were friendly and efficient. The room safe was great - big enough to fit a laptop and a stack of other stuff so we felt safe leaving all our stuff behind. Showers were fantastic - massive double sized shower with wonderful water pressure.Activities - loved La Pereda and Parc Guell, the gondola ride was great for views and cheap (9 euro). The other new Gaudi place (Casa Batllo) was a fair bit more expensive (16 euro i think) than La Sagrada Famillia or La Pedrera so would recommend the latter two first. We took a two day pass on the Bus Turistic which was well worthwhile. You cannot take the stairs up La Sagrada Familia so you have to wait 1.5hrs to get up via one small lift that takes 6 people at a time - the views were worthwhile but you are goign up purely for the views.Food - struggled to find a good place for breakfast until the last day. If you can get the inclusive breakfast then get it! Found a lovely cafe on the last day - if you turn left when exiting the hotel, then turn left again at the next corner, then on the next corner there is a cafe called La Tramoia (rambla de catalunya 15). Very yummy pastries, bacon and eggs etc. Very reasonable breakfast as well. Dinner - there is a restaurant in Placa Reial (?excuse the spelling). where it opens at 8:30pm for dinner and you have to queue before that to get it - it looked very very popular and woudl probably be worth the wait!All in all loved Barcelona and the location and cleanliness of this hotel was great. Beds were slightly hard but didnt affect my nights sleep at all. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1603,"mention":"pastries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":1595}]}