{"text":"Fantastic Views My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a long weekend 19th-23rd October 2007. It was our 10th Wedding Anniversary\/40th Birthday treat to us and it was fantastic.I would always recommend contacting hotels\/airlines if you are celebrating something special. We got an up-grade with BA and when we arrived at the hotel we had a wonderful corner room (3406) with views of downtown New York and the river. The hotel also left a bottle of champagne for us. We couldn't have asked for a better start to our break.Chris, the door man was really friendly and all of the staff were happy to help with any questions we had about taxis or restaurants.The menu at the barking dog was limited so we did not eat here during our stay, but we would recommend a diner just around the corner on Murray Hill, great service, food and prices. You need a good breakfast before you start your shopping\/sightseeing! We also would recommend spankys steak house and the little French restaurant just behind the hotel. The owner was really friendly, the atmosphere romantic and the food great!If you want to go up the Empire State building then I would recommend you get there around 8am otherwise the queues can be 2-3hours long. We went to the newly opened 102nd floor and the views were amazing. Yes it was an early start to the day, but we went straight in without any waiting.Macys was great for shopping (ask at hotel reception for discount vouchers) and although we didn't find them, we were told by some locals about great out-let stores for even better bargains. You are in New York and even on the 34th floor you can hear the sirens at night and the cars below, but if you walked around like us you will not find any problem sleeping at night!We did use the underground to get around. You can buy tickets in the stations for about $2 and that will get you down to the (Bowling Green) stop were you can catch the boat out to Liberty Island ( well worth a visit great views for $12).I hope you enjoy your stay in New York as much as we did!! ","annotations":[]}