{"text":"Treated us like we were one of their family! People who are in the hotel business love referring to the racket they operate as the Hospitality Industry and to their brick and mortar as accomadations. I am sure most travelers would agree that the vast majority of hotel operations are neither hospitable or accomadating. The folks at the Rio Mar appear hell bent on bucking the standards of their own industry and actually treating the customers as....well, guests. My wife and I arrived after mid-night Saturday morning two weeks ago. This was after the airline had postponed our flight repeatedly for more than 14 hours before taking off. Once airborne an on-board medical emergency forced our plane to divert to Albuquerque, NM for 2 hrs. We arrived in San Juan only to learn that after 32 hrs in the same clothing, our suitcases were sitting in Las Vegas and would not be in Puerto Rico to the following night. We drove in a down-pour to the Gran Melia where we had pre-paid for our accomadations. There they informed us that our suite would not be ready for another 24 hrs and that they had no other rooms available. So a day and a half into what should have been 8 hrs of travel, we found ourselves pulling onto the property of the Rio Mar.Dead tired, dirty, agravated, and feeling pretty low, just as we turned into the Rio Mar a rather large crab with its comical sideways walk meandered across the path of our car. Mr. Crab took his sweet time crossing all the while it appeared that he was smiling and enjoying our meeting each other. We had our first chuckle in two days.Inside we began the check-in process. The desk clerk was already aware that we were dis-placed from the Gran Melia. She offered us the lowest rate available of $189 + tax, about $230 for the night. She then did something that most in business fail to do and this is to listen. Hearing us talk about overnight in the airport, the diverted flight, our lost luggage, the Gran Melia hotel fiasco, ect. she began pounding away at her keyboard. The clerk said that the Rio Mar wanted to help put an end to the suffering we were enduring on the trip and that they were giving us a complimentary up-grade to a suite. A bit more typing and she said that she was able to give us a complimentary late check-out to 3:00 PM (I'm sure there is a fee normally associated with this, the Gran Melia charges $150 for a late check out).She and the other desk clerk got a large bag and filled it with just about every imaginable toiletry article that we might need.So here's the whole ball of wax. The suite was very nice, with those large plush bathrobes that one expects to find in a top hotel. The property itself was lavish and along the lines of any 5-star resort. Room service was called around 3 AM and they also were prompt and courteous. The Rio Mar has all of the amenties one would expect to find.If this is your first trip to Puerto Rico then get ready to have a blast. I did notice that the concierge desk at the Rio Mar was heavily staffed and ready to assist their guests, so they can give you a bunch of tips for your visit. ","annotations":[]}