{"text":"Fantastic Honeymoon Adventure My husband and I just returned from 10 nights at the Keio Plaza Hotel. We spent our honeymoon in Tokyo and intended on using the Keio as a home base and maybe making some side trips, but fell in love with the hotel and Tokyo so decided to stay here the entire time.The service was spectacular. Our bellman actually left us the cutest note in broken English congratulating us on our recent marriage. The room we stayed in (2915) was very spacious and had a great view of East Shinjuku. We even had a massage chair in our room. This is certainly not the fanciest hotel that I've stayed in, but was SO clean and layed out phenomenally well. We had Kimonos in our room and the bed was ridiculously comfortable.The room was a little out of style - more fabulous 80's then fabulous 00's, but not old, just a different sense of style.THe room had great water pressure in the shower and a HUGE soaking tub (not seperate from the shower, but HUGE)THe only real disadvantage is the restaurants are REALLY expensive, but all hotel restaurants are in Tokyo. We did order room service one night, and it still didn't break our budget.Shinjuku is a great location in many aspects. It is directly accessible to Shinjuku station, as well as other Metro stops that are even closer. East shinjuku - probably a 15 minute walk from the hotel - is a great spot for nightlife. We probably preferred the nightlife in SHibuya more, but this is fine too! Just know that the fun is on the other side of the neighborhood.THe Tokyo Metropolitan Government building is directly across the street - Spectacular views from their observation deck, the Park Hyatt (the Lost in Translation hotel) is just down the street, and the fabulous department stores around Shinjuku station are only a five minute walk away.Remember to use the Restaurant levels in the department stores for some fabulous food - I had heard this before we left, but basically forgot until the end of our honemoon. We missed out on some really yummy looking places!Loved this hotel - and if you read other reviews I've done, there are a LOT of hotels that I do NOT love :) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":99,"mention":"Keio Plaza Hotel","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Keio_Plaza_Hotel"],"startOffset":83}]}