{"text":"FANTASTIC! 5 Star Accomodation Our stay here was fantastic. Our suite looked directly out at the Harbour Bridge and over the ferry terminal at Circular Quay. It was 2 mins walk to the Opera House  Botanical Gardens. Everything worked fanatsic for us as Circular Quay is a public transport hub with ferries, MRT and taxi ranks. We wished we were staying for New Year as the view of the fireworks would be amazing. The children enjoyed the street theatre on the Quay each time we went out, watching all the boats come and go and the lights at night from the bridge and Luna Park.We booked a 2 bedroom harbour view suite via the online hotel website. I guess the other rooms would look out onto the street\/Botanical Ganrdens. We stayed here as part of a 3 week holiday in SIngapore  Australia. We stayed for 7 nights. We are a pretty fussy family and only stay in 5 Star accomodation. We booked a serviced apartment as opposed to 2 connecting hotel rooms as we wanted some kitchen flexibility with our children plus the washing machine\/dryer was great. They were really spacious. It had a fully stocked fridge (which is chargeable) Also I found that the Quay Grand was in a better location with better prices than some of the hotel accomodations. Everything we needed was right on our doorstep..from supermarkets, Pharmacies, ATM's, restaurants etc., David Jones the department store and QVB are either a 15 min wlak or just 1 stop on the MRT.Prior to arrival there had been high winds and on the day of check in our apartment was no longer available as the balcony door had been damaged. It took them about 15 mins to sort everything out but all was fine. The Manager on reception was great. Whilst the Quay Grand suites do not have the same quantity of staff as a 5 Star hotel we had no issues whatsoever. Room Service was fast, there is a big restaurant on site, rooms were cleaned daily etc.,I have to say this accomodation exceeded our expectaions. We met up with family Sydney and teh family members were also saying it was a fantastic location. We would stay here again if we returned. ","annotations":[]}