{"text":"Very Nice We stayed at the Riu Taino from Febrary 9 - 16. We are from Toronto Ontario, an early 20's couple on our first vacation together and travelling to the carribean for our first time. We travelled with Skyservice using Sunquest vacations and booked through Flight Centre. The flight left about an hour late and was pretty cramped. However, being 6ft tall this was expected. We were given the $10 travellers card before boarding the plane, I know some people had to pay this upon arrival at the Punta Cana Airport. Found our bus fairly quickly and waited awile for it to fill up. I had a problem with these fellow passengers as they complained that the air conditioning was on too high and asked for it to be turned off. Idiots. At least the Riu Taino was the first stop and took about 25 to get there. Looking at the small cities you pass in the bus makes you not want to travel far from the resort. Sketchy!! Check in was painless as it was 11pm at the time. Our bags were taken to our room which was a fair distance from the main lobby but it's so nice and warm out that it really doesn't matter. The rooms are nice enough. Very clean with everything you need. There is a safe in the room at no extra cost. The worst part of the room is the two twin beds pushed together. A queen or king size bed would be nice. Fairly stiff bed and pillows but that didn't bother me. The bathroom was small but how much room do you need? There were a couple really small ants in the bathroom but they were no match for my human size finger. OK the best part. The beach is outstanding. I would like someone to show me a better beach than this. Very hard to top. Soft sand, warm clear water, and enough beach chairs to go around. The beach is a little cramped at the Taino however we spent most of our time at the Bambu beach as it's much larger with more chairs. The pool at the bambu is much larger as well, along with the swim up bar there. It's a little smaller at the Taino. It was 28C everyday before the humidex, hardly cloudy at all, and it rained every day for 2 minutes at night. We didn't see any shows at the indoor Taino ballroom because it was very smokey in there and we preffered to be outdoors so we went to the bambu every night. The break dancers were the best show for sure. Outstanding! Overall the food was ok. We did NOT get sick however we were scarred from stories of other guests who got sick which made us very nervous the whole week. So we were very picky when meant we got very bored of the food. There is a HUGE selection at every meal and if we weren't worried about getting sick we would not have been bored I'm sure. The service at Taino and Bambu were alright. Some people were good, others didn't care. I only tipped the ones who actually made an extra effort. Finally, I would stay here again for sure although I'd try to book at the bambu. I think we will try a different country altogether next time but I would trust staying at the other Riu's available down south. Unless you're a super snob and only stay in luxary don't go here. If you're a normal person who wants a nice vacation on the beach then I absolutley recommend this place! AND HAVE FUN. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3104,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3100}]}