{"text":"Brilliant holiday! Myself and my daughter stayed at the Ocean Blue\/Sands resort from the the 9th May until the 23rd May. Arriving at the resort after a 9 hour flight was a relief because I was shattered and wanted to relax in my room. Check in went ok although the room wasn't ready for two hours (there was a conference being held in the hotel...) Initially I was a bit annoyed but sitting at the bar and chatting to people I was soon beginning to enjoy myself.Villa 8 was where are room was and was very impressed to see how nice the room was - I knew from that stage my 2 week holiday was going to be exciting. After a couple of hours in the room I decided to go and have a look around the resort and stumbled across Mike's coffee shop which was brilliant and even had a chat with the workers there which was nice. I decided that I wanted to go to bed around 11pm and I awoke the next day refreshed ready to embark on an exciting day ahead.Two days into my stay I decided to go for a wander along the beach which was absolutely beautiful and on my way back I went to the bar for a drink. As I was stood at the bar a guy said hello, where you from? I replied Manchester UK and immediately he said are you vonnie?... It was Makenna - bless him and what a pleasure it was to meet him, mrs Makenna and there lovely 2 daughters.We all decided to 'hook up' for dinner which we decided on the Dominican resturant and had a very nice evening.I really enjoyed the company of the animation team and the entertainment was good (I am bias because i'm a music teacher but I thought Casablanca was fab).The disco was good although some nights the loud music did my head in - maybe that's a sign of me getting old. I met some nice people in there and some very interesting ones...The little train was a God send especially after me having a couple of drinks and not wanting to walk back to my room.I met daddyslilgirl in the overtime bar and we got on well from the offset, both bobbie and her hubby are lovely people and also a pleasure to meet.The food, and service in all the eating establishments was brilliant. My daughter seemed to acquire a taste for champagne in the morning although I strictly limited her to half a glass :)There are so many things I loved about the Ocean Blue that I cannot write everything down but my overall experience at this resort was wonderful and I would highly recommend it to my family and friends.Yvonne  Keely Manchester UK ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1718,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1714}]}