{"text":"Don't believe all of the negative reviews!! Awesome time I just want to start off by saying that before my trip I checked on tripadvisor daily and was so nervous by all of the negative reviews. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Dreams hotel from July19th-25th. We had a blast and couldn't ask for a better vacation. We got upgraded to a suite with a jacuzzi on the balcony. It was gorgeous. Just a word of advice try to negotiate with the check in people. They are very nice and helpful. We had an issue with our first room and they helped us out right away and took care of everything. Yes there were some little ants in our bathroom-but that isnt going to ruin our vacation. The air conditioning is so so and its cool when you first walk in but once you get comfortable its a little warm. The grounds of the hotel are beautiful. I was taken away by the hotel. It was so clean. The workers work so hard it is ridiculous. From the morning you wake up you see people cleaning the pool and watering the grass. There are constantly workers cleaning up around the resort. The maid comes twice a day and leaves your rooms spotless. The bed was a little hard but we managed. The pool and beach were gorgeous. We usually put towels down by the pool\/beach before we walked to breakfast to save loungechairs. We got up around 930ish, yes some people wake up extra early to put towels down but even if you get down a little later there are chairs available. We usually hung out around the pool around 3ish because thats when the Entertainment Team came and did a lot of their dances and activities. The food was good. We are from New York so we know good food. I mean you go to an all inclusive place in the Carribean and you know that your not going to get amazing American food. However it was very good. Bordeaux was our favorite restaurant and we went there two nights. I was so scared about the reviews on the food that I made sure to bring Immodium, Tums ,Pepto Bismol etc. However, we didnt need any of that. And I did eat from the salad bar and had the ice cubes. Try to get to the restaurants 630ish this way you dont have to wait too long. Most nights we waited 20 minutes or so. Room service is ok nothing great. The entertainment team was the highlight of our vacation. These people work 16-17 hour days. From 10AM they have daily activities around the hotel and pool. My boyfriend played waterpolo a lot near the pool. They also had merengue lessons one day and step aerobics was fun. The Entetainment team is also responsible for the show at night. The shows are good-nothing broadway like but enjoyable. Our favorite was Night of the Stars and True Love show. After the show we usually went to the disco and danced and had a good time. I fell in love with Mickey Mouse, Michael Jackson, Stephanie and much more. They work so hard I give them so much credit. We did two excursions which I highly recommend. We did the ATV quad tours which was amazing. You are on the quad for almost two hours. We also did the zipline which was amazing. I was a little nervous but my boyfriend really wanted to do it, and I am so glad that we did.  Overall, please do not believe all of the negative reviews. We had so much fun. The hotel was so clean and accomodating. Everyone at the pool was saying how they were reading negative reviews and were very nervous also-but couldnt agree with any of them. Clearly some people are very picky and think that if one thing goes wrong than their whole trip is ruined. I went just me and my boyfriend and we met such awesome people and had a great time. If your going to Dreams anytime soon- have a great time and can I come with you?? Other friendly reminders: Drink of choice-Sammy Sosa! Also, bring a lot of dollar bills for tipping (at least 50-100). The flea market tables which sell jewelery are a rip off. Please do not buy anything without bargening. They have nice jewelery but you need to bargan with them. If you want to do the excursions bring sneakers with you. Make friends with the Entertainment Team they are all awesome people and made our trip worthwhile.I hope this review is helpful and you are going to have a great time at the Dreams Punta Cana resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2033,"mention":"salad","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Salad"],"startOffset":2028},{"endOffset":2033,"mention":"salad","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Salad"],"startOffset":2028},{"endOffset":3901,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3897}]}