{"text":"Didn't want to leave My wife 3 yo daugther and I spent 5 blissful days at Copamarina starting on January 5th. We booked a deluxe ocean front room. Which was clean. Many of the other rooms on the property have partial ocean views so those wishing to save some money can book garden view rooms without missing out. We took the all inclusive meal plan based on the online menu and the fact that the hotel would happily provide box lunches. This way we could take our lunch and explore the puerta del sol. We had dinner each night in their restaurant Alexandra which was very good most nights and fantastic on 2 occasions! Service was always professional and the staff was only too happy to accommodate special requests. Lunch was usually a nice fresh grilled piece of fish with veggies at Las Palmas. The grounds are immaculate, the beach cleaned every morning and we found the staff helpful and quite friendly. We purposely traveled the week after Christmas break and were rewarded to find the resort uncrowded. Local families and others from the States made up the majority of visitors. Most local families were curious to know how we found out about this place since its off the beaten path which adds to the specialness of Copamarina. Yes the resort is about 2 hours from San Juan but thats the reward. For those with long flights into San Juan, you may want to consider spending a night or two in San Juan before heading South. The resort has 5 pools, two infant and 3 regular. BTW lunch can be delivered poolside!! We spent a good deal of time in the pools so the issues of sea grass in the ocean didn't bother us. There is a staircase into the water at the end of the dock so if you want to swim beyond the seagrass, you can. We played on the beach and took the hobie cat out sailing everyday. The price of which is included in the all inclusive package.One highlight was the day 5 dolphins swam with us as we sailed to guiligans Island. Overall, we had a wonderful time and Copamarina is the type of resort that you can actively travel the local area or just hang out on the beach. Our only disappointment was the bedroom pillows. For the price, we would have expected plush pillows. Instead, the ones in our room were hard and lumpy. Would we go back? We didn't want to leave. Next time maybe we'll bring our own pillows! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":741,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":737}]}