{"text":"Outstanding Vacation Last year (March 07), was my first time to Punta Cana. We stayed at Barcelo Premium. I thought THAT was amazing until I stayed at the Sirenis Tropical this March!We stayed on the Tropical (Suites) side, but had a chance to see one of the Sirenis Cocotal rooms - and they are equally as nice - just no separate living area.The resort seems to be a bit older than the Barcelo - but it in no way lacks for anything (except for the electrical outlets - required converter for some hair appliances, while others worked OK - depends on the appliance).I was most impressed by the grounds - they were extremely beautiful and well-cared for. The attention to detail did not stop there. Staff were constantly cleaning, tidying, organizing - everyone from the gardeners to the managers took great pride in maintaining this resort. Everywhere was service with a smile and if you can learn a bit of Spanish before you go, the staff love to chat! Security was fabulous. There was one instance where a guest started to get a little loud (one in every crowd!) and the security was on the spot from no where and diffusing the situation. (Hope this is OK to post, but I feel it is very important).The food was great. Last year, didn't find the food bad, but didn't find it anything to rave about. Here at the Sirenis - even the buffet was appetizing and had a great variety each nite. The al a carte restaurants were also great - we had the Italian, the Mexican and the Japanese. Note re the a la carte - you can only book one per day per room - so go early when guest services opens. The maid service was exceptional. Fresh flowers every nite, lots of fancy folded towels (which we did not get last year at Barcelo). I am very partial to a clean room when travelling, and the fact that I could smell the bleach (or whatever they used to clean with) when I came back to room before dinner was heaven to me! Not a hair or sand in site in the bathroom!Don't be put off by the drive from the airport (approx 60 - 75 mins). It really isn't that bad, and it's well worth it!We had one request when we first arrived. We had asked our travel agent to book us a second floor room. Of course, when we got there, we had a first floor room. We put in our request the first night for a change and were told to come back the next day. The next day, we were told to come back the next day! The next day, after being told again - we invoked the help of our tour rep - and had a new room within three hours. So, if you were to ask me if I would stay at this resort again - I've already registered my VIP card for next year! Ask about it from guest services when you go! Oh, and try the Sirenis specialty drink - a creamsicle with a punch! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":104,"mention":"Premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":97}]}