{"text":"Worst hotel stay I've ever had We went to Dallas to go to a Cowboys game. I have to say the experience we had while staying in that hotel was beyond horrible. The staff were rude, the room we had was filthy, and the service was terrible. Our bathroom had pubic hairs in the tub, toilet and floor. Our toilet was backed up and even though we asked the front desk to fix it, they ignored our request. When I went to the front desk in the morning to schedule our shuttle to the game, I stood in line and was ignored by the driver. He asked to help people that were standing behind me in spanish if they would like to pay for shuttle service. This went on for a while and I started to feel embarrassed and I didn't know why the driver was doing this, so I asked. He replied that if I wanted to get served there that I would have to learn how to speak Spanish. I was floored! Not only was that a racial remark, but it was so unprofessional. My son was also treated very badly, he is a special needs child. I had knee surgery a few weeks prior to this hotel stay and needed to ice my knees due to swelling so I had my son go downstairs to ask where the ice machine was because every time that I called downstairs to the front desk, they would put me on hold. This went on for over 45 minutes. I could barely walk at that time due to pain and swelling so I had my 12yr old son go find out where the ice machine was at the front desk downstairs. He went down stairs to ask where the ice machine was and the woman at the front desk ignored him. He stood in front of her for more than 15 minutes. Had I not gone down to check on him, who knows how much longer he would have had to wait. When I went down to the front desk, there he stood in front of her. I asked him if he had been helped yet, he said he asked but she told him to wait. When I asked for assistance, the front desk clerk told me the same thing and then continued to goof around with 2 male coworkers and completely ignored us both. I got so upset that I asked to speak with their supervisor. She snapped back and said, they're not here. So I said thank you and started to walk away from the front desk, I heard one of the men behind the counter say, SNAP! And then the front desk clerk stated that I was a dumb [--] and then I heard a bunch of laughing. I don't know what kind of business they are running there, but they really need to do something about the quality of service that they are providing paying customers. I have never been so humiliated in my life. I was racially harrassed, pubically humiliated and I would never stay in that hotel ever again. Out of all of the Radisson hotels that I have ever stayed in, this one has to be the worse overall. I will have you know that before this experience I loved staying at the Radisson and I would actually recommend friends and family to stay with this hotel chain. Not any more. I did call their customer service department to let them know about this experience and they did apologize. We also were sent vouchers for 2 free nights at any Radisson location. Although I may stay at any of the other Radisson locations that I've stayed in and had a better experience, I will never stay at this particular location. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. You'll thank me later. ","annotations":[]}