{"text":"Relaxing beach vacation Let me start of by saying that I got far more than I expected for my money.. We booked through travelByBob and got a great price (685\/person from detroit including flight\/hotel\/all inclusive)The beach is as beautiful as everyone describes. The water is clear (very salty) and the sun is mostly clear except in the early AM. The beach is cleaned every morning. If you get out early enough, you can save your choice seats with a towel. Dont get too close to the volleyball courts if you dont want to be hit with balls.. I expected a small room, but no, we got a HUGE room by my normal standards. Even had a small sitting area and a nice size balcony with a view of one of the pools. (Advice: Ask for a 3rd floor room - there are no elevators, but the high wood ceilings made it worth the walk )The walk to the ocean was about 30 seconds. The walk to the front desk was 5-8 minutes.. But the scenery is great so we enjoyed the walk. So while I loved it there, and will most likely go back - here are some things that you may want to keep in mind - - They dont speak much english there. Tony (the apple rep) was great and very helpful, but the average staff dont speak english at all. When we were there, MANY of the guests were french. Luckily I took 7 years of french growing up so I was able to get by. - There are free drinks everywhere. No problem getting them. Just tip a little and they appreciate it. However - the margaritas have no tequila in them.. they use a mix of vodka, triple-sec, and something in spanish.. While they do have frozen drinks readily available, they are the type made from actual fruit. I personally found it too sunny and hot to drink a ton during the day. Saw many people with sunburn. Wear sunscreen you fools. The food was ok for the first 4 or 5 days, but my stomach eventually rebelled and while I never felt sick, I found myself quickly running to the bathroom after meals.. (But taste wasnt a problem) The breakfast was OUTSTANDING.. I liked the brazilian restaraunt the best, and the chinese (while not really chinese food) was good. I had lasagna at the italian.. it was so bad I went to the buffet afterwards. The staff are all friendly, and greatly appreciate tips. They work entire weeks at a time and sleep in a small work room area at night.. I gave my main my old baseball mit for her kids and she was very happy. We had also taken some sample shampoo and such from various hotels and left them as a gift. The only excursion we did was the marinarium. I loved snorkelling through the reef. Even though you know a nurse shark wont bite you, seeing a 12 ft shark a foot away is still an experience. The host of the marinarium is from chilli and fluent in almost every language you can imagine. Pretty impressive. You have to pay $25 for the safe. we did and figure it was worth it. As far as buying souvenirs, the town is expensive. Go to the shops on the beach. Prices : T-shirts could be had for $5 if you buy enough. The little coconut shaved animals the same. Larimar is everywhere, as is amber, but beware of fake amber. Cofee you can get the big bags for 5, 3 for the small ones. Cigars - I bought a box of 35 cohibas for $35.. They start off at over $100. Even though they are on beach, still better than average cigars back home. I went on a 10 minute ride to the Don Lucas cigar factory. The host was very informative, and they give you 1 free cigar. Thats all you need to know you need to buy some. Far better than any cigar Ive ever had in my life. Im cheap and still spent the $40 for 10 of them. Oh yea - activities at the place: 1. Sunbathing. its great. You learn to block out the old people who seem to have lost their tops. ick. 2. Beach volleyball - so much fun. I normally dont play but couldnt resist. 3. water polo every other day - tons of fun and a great workout. 4 . (i never did these, but the GF did) - They have yoga classes, water aerobics, mereingui classes, etc. They also have beach games that are mildly amusing. Youll have fun if you go there without expecting too much. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":658,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":654}]}