{"text":"My favorite hotel I usually like to try out new hotels when travelling but on my roughly 20 trips to Berlin, half of the time I've stayed at the Swissotel because I like it so much! There may be hotels with grander public areas, larger rooms and more restaurants, shops and bars but the Swissotel is just the place I feel the most comfortable. The hotel has already been described in detail so I'll just list the things that make this hotel so extraordinary:Perfect staff. From the receptionists to the maids to the staff in the dining room, everyone working there is extremely pleasant, professional and friendly without being sub-servant or chummy. I can't recall ever staying in a hotel where the staff was consistently on such an excellent level, congratulations to the management! Perfect location. While it's true that many of Berlin's attractions are located in Mitte, around Friedrichstrasse and Potsdamer Platz, I vastly prefer the much more real atmosphere of Charlottenburg and the Ku'Damm. Potsdamer Platz is a fun place to visit but it's quite contrived and wasn't formed naturally but by city planners. Explore the lovely side streets, e.g. Uhland- or Knesebeckstrasse of the Ku' damm where you'll find great little restaurants offering Thai, Japanese, Spanish, Italian, Indian and lots of other cuisines, small boutique-style shops like tailors and shoemakers, bars and cafes which cater to the locals and are much more interesting than the chain restaurants and international-brand stores found in Mitte.Perfect room. The standards rooms aren't particularly large but still very pleasant and clean and furnished with everything you could want. A firm matress on the bed, lots of pillows, a Lavazza espresso machine (!), effective and quiet air-conditioning, lots of drawer and closet space, robes and slippers, a small bathroom with great glass-enclosed shower and tub, fast WLAN (for a reasonable fee) etc. The only downside is that I feel so comfortable in the room that I have to force myself to get out and explore Berlin!Perfect breakfast. If you book wisely, you'll be able to get a room that includes breakfast for only 10 Euro more than without. I'm usually not much of a breakfast person and European 5-star hotels tend to charge a fortune for the pleasure. But if yours is included, you won't be disappointed, the breakfast at the Swissotel is fantastic and includes made-to order eggs or pancakes which you can order from your waitress. Much better than those bin full of eggs and bacon so often offered.Perfect restaurant: Many of Berlin's best gourmet restaurants are located in hotels, the Swissotel's Restaurant 44 was awarded a Michelin star and 8 points by Gault Millau and offers very creative and original fare. If you like that kind of food, have lunch during the week where an excellent fixed-menu meal is offered at an extremely reasonable price.My only small criticism stems from the breakfast room sharing it's space with the restaurant. A half an hour before the breakfast service ends, most of the staff gets busy preparing the room for lunch and then things like coffee-refills tend to get a bit difficult. The same thing happens in the evenings if you stay until closing, the staff start preparing the room for breakfast, a rather noisy task which isn't quite fitting for a Michelin-starred restaurant but probably can't be avoided and isn't a major upset. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2264,"mention":"fortune","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fortune_cookie"],"startOffset":2257}]}