{"text":"Would never go back there again I booked this hotel in Isla Verde area of San Juan, Puerto Rico because of the low rates they had compared to the other area hotels. But I was totally disgusted when I saw this place and I had to pay more than 80.00 US dollars for a night there. This cheap hotel should not be anything more than 35 dollars in the US. I arrived at the hotel in the evening and as soon as I walked in I was disgusted and wanted to walk right back out. But unfortunately we had two large suitcases and a carryon with us and didn't know the area too well and we were there in San Juan for the first time. The taxi had already left as well. I asked the man in the front desk if I could see the room that was assigned to us and he gave us the key to the room. We had initially planned to stay there for 5 nights. We had to walk around the swimming pool (where all the people were staring us at as if were some aliens or something) to the room through a dark corridor area. Our room was all the way at the end and it was right next to the busy highway at the street level. The door handle was broken and the screws were out from the door handle and it looked like someone tried to break into the room. The deadbolt was functional but I wouldn't trust it! The room was big with two beds. The fridge was not working with some kind of stinch coming from it. The A\/C was working good. The bathroom was disgusting with some stains in the shower area which looked like blood stains. We went back to the front desk and told the guy there that the room lock was broken and he said they can only get it fixed the next day. We still needed a place to stay for the night and we booked the room for that night, because we had no other choice as we were new to the place and was there for the first time in San Juan. We went to the room and kept our luggages in the room and went outside to take a walk. There is a bridge right outside of this motel to cross the highway to the Isla Verde Ave on the other side and to the Isla Verde beach. We went over to the other side and saw this Howard Johnson Hotel there and the manager was so nice to accomodate us there in a Suite for a few more bucks than what we were supposed to pay at this cheap motel. We stayed for the next 5 nights at the HoJo and had a great time in San Juan. The HoJo suite was a million times better than the room in Coqui Inn, and we didn't mind paying a few more dollars for our safety and can sleep rest assured. We would never go back to this Coqui Inn ever again. Please don't be fooled by the pictures  descriptions on their website because they are deceiving. We went back into Coqui Inn and checked out from there within 1 hour of our check in there. The man at the front desk was not too happy but he was kind enough to refund our payment in full for the night. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1477,"mention":"blood","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Black_pudding"],"startOffset":1472}]}