{"text":"fantastic holiday We normally go to the carribbean\/mexico but for our 20th wedding anniversary we decided to go east and picked the Melia Benoa based on other reviews, price and location. It was fantastic!!! Check in was phenomonaly easy, seated in the reception area being serenaded by the welcome girls. We were then taken to a lovely room with fab sea views (just seen through the trees) and a view of the pool. The food was ok, although the a la carte was very very good, but we discovered a great restaurant just down the road who (get this!) will send a car for you if you get the hotel to book. Its called Bombu Bali and well worth a visit!Although we went all inclusive, it would have been cheaper to have it on B  B breakfast, because a two course meal in Nusa Dua with beer was about 拢9 for the two of us. That said, not having to worry about money in the hotel was great, and Martini, the waitress\/barmaid in the lobby bar was wonderful. Once we'd ordered our drinks the 1st time, we never had to ask again and she remembered what we were drinking, getting it ready every evening as we came into the bar. We booked tours through the Thomas Cook rep, who pushed for us to pay extra for private escorts - don't pay this, as 9 times out of 10 you get a car and a driver to yourself anyway. We tipped quite well the first time and subsequently got the same pair every time. The temples are fabulous and we saw a balinese funeral which was very interesting. If you do nothing else go to Tanah Lot at sunset - indescribably beautiful and go see the giant bats!The staff were simply the best I've ever encountered and so helpful its amazing. The guests are mixed, mainly europeans, but there were a few aussies and indians there as well.When we went into Kuta, the shopkeepers were so grateful to see us and were persistent without being too pushy. We went a few months after the latest bombings, and one shop we went into to buy a few souvenirs, couldn't make change as she hadn't sold anything in days. The change was only about a 拢1 equivalent but she wouldn't accept just keeping it, we had to take goods to make up the value, they are so proud.Will defo being going back there are some point, and I heartily recommend this to anyone wanting a peaceful and relaxing holiday with plenty of sun. ","annotations":[]}