{"text":"Good place for a good value We booked here when our original hotel turned out to be a complete dump. We were lucky to get anything last minute and overall, we were pleased. This is a combo time share property and hotel. The rooms are very large and include a kitchenette (great if you want to travel cheap and do some meals in), double beds, large bathroom, eating area and balcony with beach views (contrary to one reviewer, I really can't imagine that she didn't have a beach view!). Unlike some reviews, our room was very clean. The ratan furniture and tropical style bedspreads are kind of tacky (think Golden Girls), but no big deal as long as everything is clean. We were first booked on the third floor near the loading dock of the hotel next door. They have deliveries at all hours of the day and night. We were awoken at 2am with them unloading tables and chairs for a large party the next day. Unfortunately, the hotel was fully booked, but they placed us in another room the next morning. So, ask for a room either on an upper floor or at the front of the hotel unless you want to listen to trucks all night. True, you are right next to the airport and some of the planes are loud, but not enough to really bother us...but we live somewhat near an airport too. Unfortunately, even more loud is the air conditioning unit that is on each balcony that makes sitting out on the balcony less than desirable. Not enough to bother sleep, but loud on the balcony.The beach was fantastic and the pool was great. It would be better if there was direct access from the pool to the beach. Vendors are on the beach for chairs, para-sailing and jet skis. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. Great parking in an enclosed garage. Near all sorts of restaurants and easy access to the highway for quick trips into San Juan or other parts of the island. We stayed here at a fraction of the cost of close by pricy hotels and simply took advantage of services at other hotels with a short walk (i.e. restaurants, casinos, shopping). Though there is a convenient mini mart in the lobby. We had breakfast at the hotel once (not good) and did not go to the bar or game rooms or onsite gym. For dining, I highly recommend Alfredo's restaurant at the Intercontinental. Somewhat pricy, but great food and great service. Ask to sit outdoors.One down side is that being a time share, most of the residents were older (70s and above) and you again had the feeling you were on an episode of the Golden Girls. This was mostly apparent at the pool vs the beach which was a very mixed crowd. Being ins my 40s and wanting a quiet, relaxing trip, I didn't mind, but my travel companion in his 30s felt awkward. So, it's not the Ritz, but youre not paying the Ritz prices either. Instead, it is a good value for on the beach property, clean rooms, convenient location , friendly staff and lots of in house services. ","annotations":[]}