{"text":"If you have kids, don't stay anywhere else. We stayed for 4 days over the Labor Day holiday weekend, and we had an excellent experience.I booked directly through the hotel website so that I could make a special request for a crib, as well as give them my Select Guest number. When we arrived, the crib was already set up and waiting in our room for us, together with a handwritten note addressing us by name and welcoming us to the Omni. There were a few baby toiletries tucked away into the crib, as well.I do recommend applying for a Select Guest number (you can do this online) beforehand, as it entitles you to a few amenities including late checkout. If you do it well ahead of time, I think they might send you a 50% off coupon and free room upgrade, too -- this happens either a few weeks after you apply or else a little after your first stay. (I'm not sure which, as we registered and made our booking at the last minute.) You can also buy these coupons on ebay, and they're fully transferable. (It says so on the coupon.) This might be very worth your while if you're staying for several days. If we had known about the Omni ahead of time, we would have planned ahead to get this.You also get free morning beverages in your room for all the people staying -- 2 beverages per person. We had 2 adults and our two children (ages 3 and 1) and got coffee for 4 and orange juice for 4 every morning, for example. You need to remember to put the little Select Guest hang tag, which they give you with your key, on your door ahead of time to receive this. You will also get a morning paper (you choose which paper), as well as a scone-like cookies and milk every evening with your turndown service.The room is fairly standard for a hotel room but quite comfortable. The bed linens are good quality, and the bathrooms are very roomy and marble. Everything is spotless. I was surprised the towels were not softer -- they're thin and not very comfortable, but they're serviceable and clean. We did request a room upgrade if they were available, and I was disappointed not to be upgraded for free (they said I could pay an extra $100 for a suite), but I certainly wasn't entitled to this so that's fine. That is the only disappointment of our Omni experience, and it is extremely minor.We had two small children with us, and the Omni is fantastic for families with children. The kids got a great goodie bag with crayons, activity books, playing cards, and even a small digital clock that they could hang from their coats or suitcases. My 3 year old was delighted with the bag, and she can be a tough customer! You can also request a Kids' Suitcase from the front desk, and this is literally a small rolling suitcase full of things like an Etch a Sketch, electronic games device, card games like Go Fish and Old Maid, and several classic books (Goodnight Moon, some kids' chapter books). We had a babysitter coming in one night (not associated with the hotel) and found this suitcase extremely handy for the night we were away from the kids. You also are given free kids' straw cups that you can take down to the restaurant to have filled for free. We filled up with milk for the kids every morning and night, and they were fast and gracious about it even though we weren't staying for dinner or breakfast or anything.All the service people were wonderful (with the exception of one woman who was just a bit brusque working the front desk at night. She wasn't rude though, just minimally helpful). The doormen were great. Bell service was instantaneous when we called for it. I had to ask for housekeeping to clean up a spill once, and they came to the room within minutes. The doormen refused our tips.Oh -- and I was wary because I had read that the parking fee was $45 a day. When we pulled up, the valets asked us whether we preferred the $45 hotel parking or wanted to park ourselves at the garage a half-block away, for $7. There was no pressure at all, and they were not at all condescending. You can park at St Mary's Garage at the intersection of California and Kearny for $7 per in\/out on holidays and weekends. It's very convenient, and the hotel told us about it themselves. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1359,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1353}]}