{"text":"If Only They Cared... My girlfriend and I stayed this past Sunday  Monday at the Villa Montana. The resort looked wonderful on the website, the reviews were good, and the prices were reasonable. Upon arriving, the resort did look beautiful. However, that's when the fun started. The front desk was oblivious to our arrival, and carried on side conversations rather than check us in. Once settled in after a 20 minute wait (with no other guests checking in at the same time), the room was nice, and things seemed to be in order. My girlfriend enjoys sleeping with 2 pillows, so we called to request an extra pillow. We called and were assured that it would be taken care of and went off to dinner at the resort restaurant. Don't go to the restaurant. I preface this by saying that we are two easy-to-please people. Decent food served expiditiously and some seblance of service is good enough. Even though the restaurant was 1\/2 full, we were asked if we made reservations, then asked to wait. And wait. And wait some more. After asking if we could sit anywhere (not by the water, but at any of their multiple open tables), we were seated after a 40 minute wait. Once sat, we were ignored further at every turn by our waitress. We ordered an appetizer after a 20 minute wait, waited 30 minutes more, then asked if we'd have mussels since they're out of clams. Ok then. We took whatever food they offered at that point. Dinner showed up roughly 45 minutes to an hour after that. In total we waited two hours just to get to the main dishes, which were nothing to write home about and superbly overpriced. Perhaps there is a cultural disconnect between what we expect from dinner service and what level of service is provided, but they should know their clientele well enough to make the appropriate adjustments. To ignore us while talking with other staff members for hours is ridiculous and insulting.The restaurant was a waste of time and money due to their lack of service and lack of care for us.We get back to the room, and there is no pillow to be seen. We call again, and are told that the walkie-talkies aren't working between the front desk and the bellman. I volunteer to pick it up. I'm then told that it is on the way. An hour goes by. I call to cancel; they seem confused. I'm not asking for the world, just an extra pillow. We used a spare comforter as a makeshift one.That night\/the next morning around 4 am, my girlfriend wakes me up and spots a huge fire below our room in the trees adjacent to the tennis courts, about 200 yards max from our room. We could see it at the treelines, so this is no small fire. No fire alarm goes off in the whole complex so we knock on doors in the building to alert them. We obviously see the threat and report it to 911. Trucks show up quickly and take two hours to put it out. Next morning, we call the front desk to see if they are ok. It turns out the housekeeping building burnt down completely. They say everything's fine, and don't even ask how we are. OK, terrific!The beach looks nice but it is tough to go wade in the water due to rocks.We were happy to leave on Tuesday. The Villa Montana staff topped off their non-service by not even asking how our stay was. We did not feel like valued guests, and I doubt you will either. Avoid despite the nice scenery. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3305,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3301}]}