{"text":"Two Sided Review I stayed at the Melia the week of August 19-26th and got to see both sides of the hotel. I traveled by myself for the first three days, staying at Royal Service. My trip was booked through Orbitz, which I had no problems what-so-ever. My friends, who joined me on Monday were NOT RS, booked their trip through Orbitz and had a problem with the booking, which after two phone calls, was resolved.For a really detailed day by day blow...check the Punta Cana forum.My experience was excellent. I wasn't sure as I was traveling alone, but I had such a nice week. The staff was over accomodating to me, fussing over me at every turn. The butler was great and even bought me a bottle of champagne upon my request. He worked different hours every two days so I didn't always have the same person, but that was okay. My safe did not work when I arrived, but I would not let the butler go until other people came to fix it, and fix it they did. It took almost half an hour, but I wasn't going to leave the room until it was done. My friends, on the other hand, their safe didn't get fixed for two days. Luckily we had mine so it wasn't any big deal for them. My friends also had a problem with their room when they arrived (no electricity and a king sized bed when they wanted a double), but they stayed calm and within the hour they were moved to another room. I have to say I kind of knew about the safe issue from other posts here so that's why I was so insistent about them fixing mine. My friends' save was fixed and they were not charged for their first two days without it.The beach was great. Yes, you need to put your towel there early, and the pool was very crowded. I saw people there as early as 7AM with the towel bit. Since I didn't spend much time at the pool, that didn't concern me as much and I was using the chairs IN the pool as opposed to using the covered lounges anyway. I always had service at the beach and I met so many people there. The restaurants weren't the best, but you have to remember you ar in a foreign country. My favorite was the Gabi, the RS restaurant. I felt safe and comfortable there eating alone four of the nights there. The wait staff was all over me doing whatever I needed and not making me feel rushed at all. I ordered lobster off the menu and the other food was just as good. I ate most of my lunches and breakfasts there. We also at at the Japanese restaurant (not my favorite but I don't like that type of food), Ma Maison, Capri (which I really liked) and La Gondola which I didn't like because I don't like Italian food but my friends did.We all went snorkling off the beach (27.00), I played tennis with the pro and even took a lesson, and I used the spa and work out room. I walked every day (a great way to learn the grounds) along the beach and around the resort. I even did the time share bit to get out of the sun and got my 70.00 in spa money. I was there to rest and be pampered and indeed I was. The maids and butlers were wonderful, the RS service best, we never had a problem with reservations since I made them through the RS office, but my friend picked up the phone at the pool at 2:00 and got reservations for herself one night.Was our experience special? Yes. Would I go back? Yes if I wanted to show off the place to someone who hadn't been there and I wanted immediate relaxation since I now know the ropes. I love to travel so I might go to another island just to check out something different. I would NOT go here if you are a twenty-something looking for a party or to meet others. This is a family resort...the week I was there MANY families were around. I also met a lovely older lady who was there by herself and she just plopped herself at the pool all week and said it was one of the best vacations she had ever had (again RS)Go for the relaxation; go without too many expectations, and just enjoy the experience of meeting new people and having a nice time. Again...a day by day blow on the forum if you are interested. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":569,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":565},{"endOffset":3941,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3937}]}