{"text":"Not all that Being a seasoned traveler I consider myself pretty openminded when it comes to foreign travel. I've done all kinds of accomdations from backpacking to all-inclusives. My preference is for the simple mom and pop lodging lodging where you're more likely to get interaction with the local people and their culture. But I was only going to be in Punta Cana for 4 days, so I would suck it up and do an all-inclusive. Grand Paradise Bavaro is OK, if OK is what you want. Below are the pros and cons:Pros:- A beautiful beach. You can literally see your feet in the water. It's was warm and relaxing at the same. - The staff is very warm. When considering the number of guests they deal with, they're doing the best they can. - Check-in\/Check-out was relatively quick.- The drinks were strong. But I prefer them that way. - The hotel entertainment was incredibly cheesy, yet it was entertaining. Cons:- Timeshare salesmen. Hotels in other countrires keep these people out. Punta Cana hotels have made a deal where these guys can work inside the hotels. It's true a simple 'no thank you' will suffice and they leave you alone. And yes, this is a develeping country and these people are earning an honest living and probably not getting much in return. Yet, constantly getting accosted becomes annoying after a while. - The buffet was in a sauna of a building with hardly any windows. It's no fun to be drenched in sweat while eating. - How hotel information is communicated is extremely unorganized. We were not given any information on where all the activities were and had to figure it out on our own. - There are plenty of day excursions available. But there really is not an opportunity to walkaround a downtown area on your own and experience the local culture. Most people hop around from one resort to another. If I wanted to hang around other Americans\/Canadians, I wold have stayed at home. Overrall, my experience in this hotel was positive. If all-inclusive is what you prefer, go to Mexico, Jamaica, or the Bahamas. ","annotations":[]}