{"text":"A Royal Stay At Royal Park The view from our room was just magnificent. There were the usual buildings typical of HK set against a backdrop of green rolling hills (or low mountains?) and a lake. This hotel is located in a sort of mega complex. It's connected to New Town Plaza, an upscale mall (stores and restaurants were mid to high end), which is also connected to the Sha Tin MTR station. So when you get off the station, you walk through the mall to get to the hotel. It's very convenient, you don't even have to step outside. It's 15 mins. away from Tsim Sha Tsui via MTR. The location is perfect if you want to sleep away from the busier TST area but still have easy access to it. There is also a bus stop right outside the hotel where you can catch the airport bus (and others). We got upgraded to the executive floor at no extra charge so I think maybe our room was a little bit better than the typical standard rooms. The room\/bathroom was big, bright, beautiful and perfectly clean. The decor\/style is modern with a touch of Asian aesthetics, just enough to make it non-generic. It didn't have any unpleasant smell even though it was a smoking room. The bed was soft and comfy. There was a big LCD TV with cable and both wi-fi and broadband internet was available in the room although I don't know if it's free since we didn't bring a laptop. My husband did use the internet in their business center for a fee (I think HKD40 for half an hour). The staff were friendly and helpful and check in\/check out was a breeze. We also found a small playground called Snoopy's World in an outdoor area between the hotel and the mall. My son had fun playing there. It was small but it had a cute water ride, a playground and a diner. It's very photo-friendly because it's decorated with Snoopy and cartoony stuff. Compared to other HK hotels, the price is awesome for all the things Royal Park has to offer. No wonder it's rated as one of HK's top hotels on TripAdvisor. It's definitely on top of my personal list. LOVED IT! ","annotations":[]}