{"text":"Do NOT Stay Here! I made a reservation at this hotel following the reviews posted on this site. I don't know if it is hotel staff writing reviews of this hotel. But, this hotel is an absolutely terrible hotel. I urge you not to stay here. My initial reservation was for a 4 night stay. I only ended up staying 2 nights, because this hotel is so poor.Check in at the hotel was very smooth. The front desk staff was very courteous. I go to my room. Upon walking in, the room smelled musty and gave me the impression it had not been opened up in some time. Amsterdam is a very humid city. So, the staff should take care to leave the fan on in the room.The hotel room was small. But, many hotel rooms within Amsterdam are. So, this was not a big issue for me. I did notice that the furniture was very old. The bed was low to the ground. The bed comforter was also very old. I knew immediately that I would not be sleeping under that bed comforter.I proceed to plug in my laptop. There is only one available power outlet in the room. Five minutes after plugging in my laptop, the outlet is no longer charging my laptop. I disconnect the plug and reconnect. Still no power. I ended up having to reach behind the TV to use the power strip, which had one available power outlet. I needed to use the Internet to check e-mail. Upon signing on, I was informed by the sign-on page that 24 hours of Internet use would be $19.95 Euro. I immediately go to the front desk and ask for an explanation of this price. The front desk person told me that he does not set the pricing. I told him that I thought the pricing was excessive for Internet usage. He looked at my room info in the system and told me that I'm eligible for a 20% discount because I'm a Priority Club member. That bit of info still didn't make me feel any better. The desk person then said that I can use the Internet cafe around the corner if I wanted to cheaper Internet. I glare at him for a few seconds and walk away.I go to the bathroom within the room. Immediately upon waliking in I see that the bathroom is in need of an update as well. Fine, no problem. I look at the floors. The floor tile is full of black spots. There is brown mildew in the corner nearest the bathtub. The bathtub and shower are no better. The bath tile was not very clean either. I thought to myself disgusting. I did everything I could to keep my time in the bathroom brief. Once in bed, I could tell the bed was infested with something. My skin kept itching. So, I ended up putting on the included bathrobe and slept in a small corner of the bed for the entire night. The next morning I ask what the hotel's policy is on checking out early. I was told I had to pay them 100 Euro if I did not give them 24 hours advance notice. I went back to my room and did a search for hotels nearby. Once I found one I wasted no time letting the front desk know I would be checking out the next day.That was the worst two nights in a hotel of any hotel I've ever stayed. Do not stay at this hotel. There are much better options nearby for cheaper, that will offer better amenities. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1750,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1746}]}