{"text":"Great Hotel and location with just one problem The Residence Corte Grimani is in a great location 5 minutes from Rialto and about 3 minutes from St Marks Square. The hotel is off the main street and is tricky to find on the first occasion. The hotel however has good directions on it's own website which got us there with little trouble. We got the Vaporetto from the bus station (no 1 or 2) and got off at Rialto. The hotel is also near to the San Marco, Valleresso stop. The room was extemely clean and modern with an excellent bathroom, bedroom and lounge area with kitchen. It does cost 50 Euros to unlock the kitchen if you want to use the cooking facilities or the washer\/dryer. We did not bother, you can still use the fridge and microwave without charge. The fridge was stocked with a large bottle of water and a can of coke when we arrived for no charge and also some cookies. These were very welcome after a hot trip from the aiport. I found the large bed comfy and had no trouble getting to sleep on it. Each room has it's own airconditioning which worked very well. We did not find too many grocery stores in Venice that would make using the kitchen worthwhile. The nearest we did find was Supermarket Su Ve which is about a 10 to 15 minute walk in Castello at the end of Salizada San Lio (not to far from the Rialto Bridge). This was very useful for stocking up on bottled water and beer as it was very cheap (about a 5th of the price that you would pay eating out anywhere). The hotel itself does sell beer, wine and water at reasonable price. The staff at the hotel were all extremely helpful and friendly. They helped us with locations of restaurants etc. There is a internet machine in reception that guests can use for 15 minutes at a time, useful for online check-in and we could print our boarding passes at reception. The room had it's own (wired) internet that was free to use for which you need to get a username and password from reception. Now to my only negatives! My room was a Standard room booked through Expedia. Unfortunately this meant we had a room at the back of the hotel on the 2nd floor directly opposite another buiding (about 6 feet away). This meant we had no view and the room was very dark. I had all the lights on all the time. There are other rooms that overlook the canal at the front of the hotel but obviously they cost alot more. The one major drawback for me (and would have me thinking twice about staying here again) was the extremely poor sound proofing between floors. If anyone upstairs from us even walked across their room we could hear it clearly. You can also hear any conversations if they are even a little above normal volume, sneezing, light switches and especially when the room is being made up by the daily maid service. In our case this meant being able to tell exactly who was above us during our 5 night stay. 3 different sets of people who we could tell exactly when they arrived and left, what nationality they were (especially when they were having an argument) and if their children were unhappy or just enjoyed running up and down the large floorspace. If you are an early riser this may not bother you so much but I was woken up every day around 6.30\/7am with no chance of getting back to sleep. So overall a lovely hotel, great location and facilities but beware if you want a bit of lie in. It could be worth paying extra for a room with a view and trying to get the 5th floor with no-one above you! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":832,"mention":"coke","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola"],"startOffset":828},{"endOffset":884,"mention":"cookies","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cookie"],"startOffset":877}]}