{"text":"Outrigger Waikiki is the Best! Just got back a few days ago from a 2 week stay at the Outrigger Waikiki with my wife and our 2 children (7 and 4). Let me tell you, it was the Best. Holiday. Ever. We arrived a little early at the hotel but Alex managed to get us to our room by early lunch time. Very friendly service. We had booked an oceanfront room and boy, it was worth it. The views were fantastic.Got to our room and it was very clean. In fact they would clean the room twice a day. Furniture is traditional, but certainly not dated. The room was spacious enough for the 4 of us for 2 weeks. Even after this time, we did not feel claustrophobic at all. The only complaint I could make is that the walls need a little soundproofing. But this didn't really bother us a lot.The hotel staff are very helpful and very friendly. Nothing was a problem for them. There was a mix up one morning with concierge for a shuttle pickup (for Waikele Factory Outlets) and after a few discussions, they paid for our shuttle. That's service!What really made things nice for us was how comfortable we felt at Outrigger Waikiki. They made us feel at home. The kids loved the other activities as well - the hula lessons, making leis etc.As for location, it is the best, bar none. You are right across the road from the International Marketplace and it is centrally located to all shops and transport. Since we had kids, we also wanted a place close to a medical centre. This was about a 2 minute walk away at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani (called Doctors on Call).Since the hotel is absolute beachfront, there was no road to cross - just wash your feet and up to the hotel room. If you want an umbrella and chairs, make sure you get downstairs at 8.00am. That's when the beach shop is open for these rentals. They're not cheap ($40 a day), but hey, you're on holidays!All restaurants there are top class. Dukes or Hula Grill for breakfast were great. Chuck's Steak House is beautiful. Great meal and great outlook.I can't wait to go back. I could stay another 2 weeks in Honolulu, no problems and we would not think of any other place to stay other than Outrigger Waikiki. ","annotations":[]}