{"text":"Amazing!!! First I just want to thank all the people who write reviews on this site and helped us make our decision before leaving. Without this site we would have been forced to judge solely on pictures of the resort and we all know how deceiving that can be.We just got back from a one-week stay at the Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana. We were there from August 6th-13th, 2006. We had a phenomenal time. We tried to visit the other resorts around the Gran Bahia to get an idea. A couple of the higher rated resorts are next door and I have to say that the Gran Bahia had the nicest grounds out of all its neighbours. Obviously we didn't eat at these resorts or get to go inside the rooms, but I have to tip my hat to the conditions of the grounds of the Gran Bahia. Let's start with the draw backs. Yes, the pool was always packed and people seemed to be reserving their spots from early in the morning, however there was plenty of room at the ocean (only 50 m away). Personally, why swim in a chlorine pool, when you can be in the aqua waters of the caribean sea? Second negative comment would be concerning our check-out. We had to wait 40 minutes for a bell-boy; but the hotel was extremely apologetic.That is it for the negatives. We found the food to be exceptional. We were able to eat at the restaurant five out of the seven nights. We loved the Mexican, Grill, Japanese, and Gourmet restaurants. The Italian was our least favourite, but still quite good. The buffet was not as good as the restaurants, but the variety of food offered, and the different themes each night made up for it.Our room was beautiful. The maid service was exceptional (we did tip her everyday). We always had towels. We purchased all this bug spray after reading some of the other reviews, but not a bug in sight. We didn't use repellent once during the trip. We will return and we would recommend this resort to everyone. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":717,"mention":"hat","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Hat"],"startOffset":714}]}