{"text":"Stylish, new hotel at the right price, service a little chilly We checked in at the B Nov. 19 and 20 to stay in Barcelona for two days before our cruise. The hotel is less than 10 euro away (plus 1 euro charge for baggage) from the port.The value is pretty unbeatable for what we got, a stylish, very hip hotel right out of Wallpaper magazine. Extremely minimalist but with good use of materials. However, much of boutique design is looking very generic using the same zebrano woods and concrete and industrial materials, etc. This could be any cool hotel in the world - I didn't expect Gaudi, but would be nice to see some Spanish boutique influence. But I'm quibbling here, because the design is executed extremely well, especially for the price, we paid only 100 euro per night for a standard room.While the price is right, and the accommations are great, the staff (at least some of the staff obviously think cool surroundings mean a cool - non welcoming attitude)In a tiny hotel staff attitude is really important, because it's like a little home away from home. (which is why you don't book a big tour bus hotel) We ended up going to the nearby Plaza hotel across the road to book two tours and ask for advice because the staff were so much friendlier, even though the plaza is ironically a very busy tour bus kind of hotel. Maybe we were spoiled. When we arrived in Barcelona the airport employees were incredibly helpful and friendly and when we got lost getting to the B, some Barcelonians helped us out of the blue, so we were overwhelmed at how warm and friendly the Spaniards were. When we got to the B the front desk folk were, I must stress, not rude, but definitely not warm or welcoming - but really quite indifferent would be the attitude. Which is OK, but not a great way to welcome guests. We have stayed at many boutique hotels all over the world (including all of the Ian Schrager group in New York) and I understand getting good staff is always a problem, and we also realize this is not the Four Seasons with their level of training or pricing. We were just spoiled because the average Barcelonian was so friendly, that the chilly atmosphere of the B staff was a bit of a shock. Also, the security guard at night (or I think he was, he wore a jacket and tie)could learn to smile more - he doesn't have to say hello to guests or even acknowledge them - but you really felt you were intruding in his space in the lobby. The security guard at the Plaza, on the other hand was quick to show us how to use the public telephone when he saw us struggling with it.To be fair we only met four different front desk staff in our two days. The two women were helpful, but the guys needed a bit of a reality check, no one (guy or gal) said hello or acknowledged guests as they came in and out of the hotel, which I guess is standard procedure. The guests may also have an attitude so maybe that's a reason? Front desk staff also didn't seem to know much about tours, attractions, etc.We also asked for a quiet room because of the construction and were given the standard line that all rooms are quiet.This isn't true, you can hear sirens going up and down the street and motorcyles going to work at 6 am, where we were on the fourth floor facing the street. Also you are sandwiched between two major construction sites.I grew up in a major urban area, so this didn't bug me all that much, but because it was my vacation, I really was hoping to sleep in.Overall, I would likely go back to the B because of the decent location and the extremely good price, but ask for a quieter room.I would also continue to use the staff at the Plaza for my tour bookings, etc. so you get the best of both worlds. Use the B for your room, but use the staff at the nearby hotel for your other needs.On a plus note, management does seem to care a lot about continuous improvement and feedback, which bodes well for the hotel group. A well priced, well located hotel that could use an attitude adjustment.cheers ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1162,"mention":"Plaza hotel","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Boston_Park_Plaza_Hotel_&_Towers"],"startOffset":1151},{"endOffset":2026,"mention":"Four Seasons","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Four_Seasons_Restaurant"],"startOffset":2014}]}