{"text":"Staying with the Residents in Paris This was our first trip to Paris, and we only had 3 days. I wanted to find someplace special that wouldn't cost us our house! After reading the reviews here, I was fairly confident that we had found the right place....and we did. When we visti other countries, we prefer to stay in places that will allow us to experience a piece of native life....the Plaza Tour Eiffel does that. The hotel is located in an upscale residential area. At 8 AM, watch the mothers and fathers walking their children to school; by 10 AM the older women are walking to the markets. If you head towards the Trocadera, you will pass the Thailand and Spanish Embassies. If you head toward Place de Mexico, you'll pass a local bakery, boutiques and fresh fruit market. We spent every evening sipping wine and eating cheeses at the various bistros at the Trocadera which is a few minute walk from the hotel. There are very few tourists there (relatively speaking), and you'll find yourself immersed in French spoken with the speed of the TGV. (Although all the waitstaff spoke fluent english.) The hotel is lovely. The personnel are helpful in every way, taking our bags from the cabbie and to our room. Our plane came in early, and we were at the hotel at 10:30 AM. we fully expected to leave our bags there and check in later. However, they had a room ready for us which was a treat as we had just come in from the States and were fairly fried. Our room was a bit small because we had a corner room over the front door, but it suited us fine. The bathroom was spotless, of a good size and has a good hairdryer in it! The storage is primarily in a wardrobe - and it did fit the clothing of two people with no problem. The bed was extremely comfortable, as were the pillows. We ended up leaving at 6 AM to catch a flight, and they offered to check us out the night before so we wouldn't be delayed, as well as arranged for a taxi which arrived right on time. Overall, it was a great place to stay...I would recommend it to everyone and anyone. Should we ever be able to return to Paris, I shall stay there again. FYI, the Metro is less than a 5 minute walk away, the Eiffel Tower takes 10-15 minutes to stroll, as does the Batabus, The Arc de Triomphe is about 40 minutes to walk to via the Avenue of New York next to the Seine. The cab fare from the airport was about 45 Euros. ","annotations":[]}