{"text":"An Amazing Resort Just returned yesterday from a six night stay at the Paradisus. I was pleasantly surprised by how wonderful, friendly and helpful everyone was. The entire staff helped to make your stay as pleasant as possible. The hotel was not at full capacity so we did not have any problems getting lounges or reservations at any restaurant we chose.The beach is spectacular, soft beautiful sand and emerald water. The waves were a little rough and it was a bit windy so water sports were not always available. The restaurants were all good with very attentive service.I particularly liked Fuego. It had a very New York cosmopolitan feel and my husband and I tried several appetizers, two entres and a few deserts that night. The waiters brought whatever you wanted without a problem. Wine was poured frequently at every restaurant without asking.The house wine varied from restaurant to restaurant but was pretty good.I also liked the Gaby Restaurant at the Reserve. Food and service both A+. Breakfast buffet offered good choices and even the Dominican coffee was pretty good.Lunch buffet was located on the beach, pretty similar each day but it didnt matter as the view was amazing.At night there was a show off the lobby which had the same team perform every night. They were a pretty talented bunch. After a while, they felt like friends. Following each show, the lobby was full of music and dancing. A lot of fun and very lively.We didnt go into the disco as we danced at the lobby bar til midnight along with the dancers from the hotel which were very entertaining and a lot of fun.We sat in on the Reserve Vacation Club 90 minute sales pitch one morning as we wanted to see it. Very beautiful but very quiet and a little far from the beach and main pool. All in all, we had a wonderful trip. The resort felt rather large when we arrived, but by the time we left, it felt extremely comfortable. I would recommend this resort to anyone who is looking for a hotel with attentive staff, beautifully breathtaking scenery and good food and drinks. (I think that is everyone) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1066,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1060}]}