{"text":"Nasty hotel worse EVER totaly to be avoided This hotel has realy bad maintance issues and needs to be pulled downand re-built, I had the worse holiday of my life and i am well traveled. Where to start? Well i was in block 16 room 202 and at first the puddles of water in the bathroom we actualy thought it was the toilet leaking ..and then it rained. The entire roof of the bathroom pour in rain water which went all over the electric wires ofthe aircon. The aircon then broke down as the room contined to flood.They called out maintance who took down the false ceiling to fix it and showed me the extent of the problem and just shook there heads. The leaks were not fixed and it had been going on some time. The hotel could not move us to another room as it was at max occupancy. It rains in the caribean alot but this hotel is not geared to cope with it, Power outages make the water sytem break down i.e no electicno flushing toilets, the rain water floods the paths so deep you can not get up to the resturants in the everning wearing anything on yourfeet! The rain water was all swept into the swiming pool and then theswimming pool went green and was closed down. I went all inclusive and there is no choice of beer, just week lager, There is a diferent colour wrist band system and pecking order in the hotel. Wrong colourband and you dont even get served at the bars for hours. Most hotels in the caribean go to great lengths to keep hawkers away but not this hotel it invites them in and has its own team of hawkers in the lobby pestering you to join travel clubs etc, most annoying and persistant. The ala carte resturants are rubbish and have no choice available it is a set menu, we tryed three of them and did not botheragain in our second week. The beech was naff and was as busy as oxford steet on a saterday afternoon, to get a sunbed you had to be up at 6am and reserve one with a towel and the same for a decent spotaround the pool. The staff were totaly unhelpfull unless you tip them. There are alot of hotels at this resort and i totaly recomend you chose a different one to this untill they get there maintance isssus fixed (i.e nock it down and re-build it) Even the front lobby bar roof leaked, we saw plenty poeple slipping over and hurting themselves on wet floors. The disco is nasty and lets in the locals from outside DONT GO THERE! ","annotations":[]}