{"text":"Beautiful resort My boyfriend and I stayed at the Bavaro March 3-10. We really liked the resort. Check-in very fast, as was checking out. We had to wait for a room but not too long...long enough for a walk to the beach!! We couldn't wait to see it !!The room was nice, very clean. We had a deluxe room with the jacuzzi in the room. The shower was quite small. The fridge was filled everyday. The grounds are beautiful. Very well maintained. Lots of flowers.The beach is nice but have to agree with others...the saving of the loungers can get anoying. Some people were very rude and got anoyed if you got to close to their space. But being from Indiana and use to Lake Michigan we just put our towels down on the sand and layed there. The pools are amazing. Very big and clean. Again you have to find a free lounger. Seemed easier in the afternoon. The swim up bars were good. Bartenders very friendly. I thought the food was great. The only thing we didn't like was breakfast. Not much variety and the eggs were so greasy!!! We tried 2 of the alacarts. The mexican was good but service slow, the Itallian very good. You do need to go early or the wait is long. We waited for the Ittalian for an hour. Wasn't a problem though because theres a bar at every corner!!! They give you a buzzer to tell you when to come back. It would of been better if they had more restraunts open longer hours. The sports bar has snacks but nothing great. If you miss lunch its a long wait till dinner!!! Other resorts we have stayed in had more snacks set up all over the resort. this one only has the sports bar. The resort is very large. Lots of walking. Maybe it was just us but the map was very confusing. The way they numbered the villas was weird. We were trying to find some friends we met and it took for ever!!!We were dissapointed with the snorkling. We went with the dive shop one afternoon but it was so rough it was nearly impossible to not get carried away with the current. For those who need to call home to US, You can use the phone in the room. It was only 1.30 per minuite if you charged it to your room. My ATT cell phone would not work. You can also buy a phone card (we got ours from Apple rep) they were 15.00 for 20 minuites. Theres also a phone center at the concerito. I think it was 3 minuites for 1.00. Didn't use it. We did go to the concerito(fishing village) We got a few gifts. They seem to be a little expensive but you can bargin with them. We only paid 1\/2 of what they were asking on most of the items we bought. The bartender at the Bavaro lobby (Isadora) was totaly wonderful. She would get our drink ready before we got to the bar. We saw the Michael Jackson show, it was good. Over all it was a great vacation. Very relaxing. ","annotations":[]}