{"text":"Great location, pity about everything else I have stayed in many different Sydney hotels and this time around I searched for a well located hotel within Sydney for a reasonable rate for a one night stay just before Christmas. With a rate of $99 for a Sunday night stay in Sydney, Capitol Square Hotel appeared to fit the bill for this, so I was happy to book through the Rydges.com website.Upon my arrival at the hotel late on the Sunday evening, the reception was attended by two staff members, one of whom was on the phone, the other simply looked up at me blankly and said check in with what name? I mean come on, it takes only a few seconds more to actually say hello and actually get to know your guest, so I was rightly annoyed at this lack of courtesy. The same staff member then thrust a registration card at me and simply said can i have your credit card so I can take an imprint. Why bother employing staff when they do not actually bother to get to know their guests?I was allocated a room on the 5th floor of the hotel, and told by the staff member that this was the good floor to be on, well if this was the good floor I would really hate to see the other ones! The room had splotchy marks all over the carpets, dented old furniture and to make things even worse the bathroom was literally the size of a closet and did not have any towels at all! So I had to call back downstairs to reception to ask for some towels to be sent up to my room. I called twice and on both occasions the number simply rang out, on the third attempt my request was finally answered by a staff member who treated my call with contempt and merely stated that they would bring them up when they got a moment, I mean I am a paying guest, surely my concerns are a priority.Checking out early on Monday morning was certainly very fast, I arrived at the reception desk and said that I was checking out, the staff member merely said back to me what room and then proceeded to check me out without even a moments pause. My request to speak to someone about my stay merely yielded a response of the manager will not be here until 9am and I can't help you, I have stayed at many different hotels in Sydney and elsewhere, and this is the first time that I have actually been told that my opinion is worthless.This hotel has a great location at the heart of the entertainment district with Darling Harbour nearby. However the service here is simply appalling and definately not up to the standards of a Rydges property. Throughout my stay I gained the impression that I was simply not important enough to be listened to, and that the staff simply do not care as long as you pay up and get out in time. Next time I am in Sydney and paying for my own accommodation I will definately be staying at Ibis World Square or Metro on Pitt, who I am sure will actually appreciate and enjoy having me as a guest. ","annotations":[]}