{"text":"Excellante, Excellante, Excellante!!! My wife and I have just returned from our wonderfull 2 week holiday in paradise. We were celebrating our 1 year wedding anniversary and couldn't have been happier with our hotel selection. We based our decision on the reviews that we read on this website and everything everyone is raving about is right on the mark. First off, this was probably our best hoiday ever and we have stayed at some really nice places in the past. Last year we got married at the Sandals resort in St. Lucia, and we consider this resort to be right up there with the best. I guess the first thing I should start off by saying is that the service that we received is second to none. From the time we stepped off our bus we were impressed, and we definetly felt the WOW factor. We were greeted with glasses of champagne and cold towels which signalled the type of service we were going to be receiving during our stay. All the employees were so gracious and friendly that it was one of the main reasons that our trip was so enjoyable. There are too many names to mention, and all the entertainment staff were great but special thanks have to go to Julio, Luis and Isabel who definately went out of their way to ensure that we had a great time. I could go on and on with examples of the excellent service but I think I will just sum up by saying the staff and service were EXCELLANTE.We also would like to mention how beautiful this resort is. From the beautifull front lobby, to the wonderfull beach, this place has it all. There is also a really cool bird santuary that has peacocks, flamingos, ducks to name but a few. There are also a couple a parrots that are fun to watch. They love it if you bring them coconut and even do a little dance for you when you whistle a tune. We decided to treat ourselves for a massage at the spa and we are glad that we did, because it was well worth it. We also went on the 4 wheeler excursion that was a lot of fun and worth doing.Just a quick mention that the food was excellent as well, especially the French restaurant but just a heads up that you must get there early because there are very long wait times (approx 1-1\/2 to 2 hours) if you wait until after 7:30 pm.I guess the only minor complaints that we had were with regards to use of the blue floating mats used for lying out on in the swimming pool. We found that everyone would take these out of the water and leave it by their lounge chairs. When we got out to the pool at around 8:30am in the morning all the blue mats were already gone. This was pretty frustrating to see people having them sit beside their lounge chairs not being used, when they should be in the pool for everyone's use. Also, we couldn't use the shooting range and archery as we were told that they were broken.Apart from these minor issues, we had a really amazing time there and we look forward to the day that we can come back for another wonderfull vacation at the Excellence Punta Cana resort.Adam  Belynda ","annotations":[{"endOffset":443,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":439}]}