{"text":"Simply cool and very good alternative to expensive chain hotels I stayed at the Clarendon for 6 nights. I had first considered the Hyatt downtown downtown (that's not a mistake, that's what it's called). Why the Hyatt? Because the conference I had to attend took place there. I'm glad I stayed at the Clarendon!It all depends on what you want I guess. If you want to know in advance what to expect, go for Hyatt, Hilton, etc. If you want to foster local American economy and help a guy who started from scratch - Go Clarendon! This is not 4 star standard I must (unfortunately) agree. But if you are not ready to hop in your grave yet (i.e. you don't feel old), can dig a certain level of noise from the aircon and c) dig that sometimes things break (like the elevator and the On Demand Movies when I was there) this is a cool place to stay. Were these breakdowns bad? I don't think so. Using the stairs is healthier anyway and you can buy movies on DVD. What disturbed me a bit at first was that the Wi-Fi didn't work in my room - or was it my laptop? Well, it worked with my laptop in the bar and outside and I really enjoyed sitting there typing mails and sipping on a beer or a cocktail (both were excellent).What really distinguishes the Clarendon is its staff. That's if you like cool people and don't expect stiffness and butler like behavior. Stacy, who took care of my breakfast, is a class of her own. Her life loving attidude makes it easy to start your day.On three evenings I enjoyed their South-Western kitchen (no it is not Japanese anymore, but the cook can probably do anything for you). I liked the food, and I'm from Europe,i.e. I don't eat fat stuff like burgers. I also liked the comfortable bed and the cleanliness of my room. The pool is as good (and better) as the other reviews suggest. Having seen the pool of the Clarendon and then that of the hotel I named above I'm glad (again) that I went Clarendon. I don't do work out too much, but the facilities seemed alright to me.Some people were concerned about safety (the Clarendon is downtown). Well, the area where the Clarendon lies seems safe to me. You can always be unlucky, especially in the US. Get rid of them guns and your social wellfare sorted out right and don't blame it on the hotel you are staying at if someone breaks in your car.The Clarendon is an ideal alternative to downtown downtown big chain hotel prices and deserves that you treat it fairly: If you pay below 160 bucks you should not expect the level of exclusiveness of the Ritz. What you can expect at the Clarendon is that people care and try (within their limits and resources) to make your stay as enjoyable as possible.I would come again (and hope that they modernise the aircon) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1682,"mention":"burgers","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hamburger"],"startOffset":1675}]}