{"text":"Decent location, not a luxury hotel As another reviewer noted, this isn't the Ritz and you get what you pay for. If you are looking for luxury, look elsewhere. If you are looking for a decent value and a place to park your belongings while you are out and about, then this might do it for you.The comfort level of stay may be completely dependent on your neighbor or the decor of your unit. In our case, we had a super noisy family next door to us that liked to blare their music or tv at all hours, sing loudly in the shower, come and go by slamming their doors. They also thought that it was amusing to take our Do Not Disturb sign from our door, rip it, and throw it on the ground. Let me note that they did this completely unprovoked. On a different day, they left us a quarter at our door, which we promptly used to do our laundry, so thanks to them. We did ask to be moved, as we realize management can only do so much. Even at higher end hotels, you don't know what kind of neighbors you'll end up with. The staff was very understanding and quick to accommodate us with no fuss or attitude.The decor of the unit is solely up to the unit owner. Our unit was decently furnished with a tropical\/wicker theme. There was a mini-fridge in the unit and microwave. The downside was that the mattress needed replacing- far too soft. I fixed that by rotating the mattress, however, in the process I found that the sheets had tears in them. Again, this isn't a luxury hotel, but it does unsettle you to see torn sheets. The owner also could update the curtains, as they had several tears. Something tells me that updating the units is a scant thought of the owners.While we had to wait going up for the elevators in the lobby, signs tell you what floor they are on and there are places to sit while you wait. We never had to wait long going down, but occasionally worried about running into our noisy neighbors in the very tiny hallways. There are only two elevators and no service elevator for the housekeeping staff.I don't think that we'd stay here again because I'd rather spend a little more to have a hotel with a decent mattress and a beach-side location. Still, the staff here is wonderful and they deserve recognition for their hard work. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":304,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":297}]}