{"text":"Very Nice Setting My wife and I stayed at the Copamarina in April of 2008, for our 25th wedding anniversary. We had read all the reviews and it is funny how there are such conflicting opinions. In general we agreed that the resort is a beautiful setting, but the food leaves much to be desired.One of our main complaints was that even though the resort was almost empty, we were assigned to a room right by the noisy ice machines and maid closet, plus we were directly adjacent (with a shared connecting door) to a large group of young people who obvioulsy went out partying each night (not at the resort) until 3:00am and came home very boisterous. The walls are very thin, so it felt like they were in our room. It made no senss to us that we were not 'spread out'. After the 2nd night, we asked to be moved, and we were accommodated immediately, with no questions asked (we should have asked earlier).Back to the food, we don't consider ourselves food snobs by any means, but we rated the resturants as mediocre. Also, the first night at Alexandra's, we mentioned casually to the matre'd that we had not yet been visited by the waiter, after about 10-15 minutes (we just wanted to place a drink order since it was so nice sitting outside by the pool). Th waiter then showed up, obviously perturbed at our impatience, and rudely asked what we wanted to order, since he assumed we were in a hurry. We explained that we were not in a hurry, just wanted a drink. By the end of the evening we were on chummy terms with him, so it turned out OK.The drive from San Juan took longer than expected, but it is very scenic, and that was the only 'sightseeing' that we did, since we generally did not want to leave the resort, since it is so pleasant and restful.We did the Gilligan's Island trip - definetly over-rated, I'm sad to say. It is very small and very few areas to sit on the beach.We found the service at the resort to be very good, with everyone very friendly (we opted for the all-inclusive plan, so we got to know the wait staff well by the end of our stay). Not sure if the all-inclusive is worth it - you have to eat\/drink a lot to justify it. Plus, tips are not included, which adds to the overall cost and makes it harder to justify. I definetly disagree with that policy - I think most all-inclusives include tips. But honestly, we did have a good time and would recommend this resort for a relaxing get-away. ","annotations":[]}