{"text":"A great budget hotel in an ideal location The enthusiastically glowing reviews of this hotel are well deserved. It is in a great location for playing tourist (the Metro Sol station is right next to the hotel) and it comes at a great price. Everyone I met at the front desk spoke excellent English and had a great attitude.I had a room with a balcony facing the Puerta del Sol plaza, so I was a little concerned about the noise. However, the windows had double-paned glass, and I usually could not hear the crowd noise above the air conditioner. The room had contemporary furnishings, and everything was clean and in good condition. The room had plenty of space.In addition to the internet available on a public computer in the lobby, my room had an ethernet connection. You need to have your own CAT5 cable. Somehow, I was not able to make this work, but I suspect that the problem was with my computer. I was told that wifi is available in the lobby, but I did not try it.I lost my wallet on the Metro between Barajas and the hotel. The staff was understanding and helpful. They provided the toll-free numbers for VISA and MasterCard, and they let me stay even though I did not get a replacement credit card until the last day.So what did I not like? The room did not have a refrigerator or a minibar. The first few days, I noticed a slightly soapy smell from the sheets and also in the hallways. I don't know if they started rinsing better, or if my nose got desensitized, but I did not notice the smell after a couple days.The one thing I really did not like was the tiny shower. The inside was only about two feet square (60cm x 60cm), and there was no soap dish or any place to put the soap, shampoo, etc. The plumbing was mounted on the center of the wall, and protruded about 6 inches (15cm) into the shower, encroaching into the precious space. I found it impossible to move around without accidentally hitting the valve and either shutting off the water or changing its temperature; it would have been much better if they had installed the plumbing and controls in the corner, or made the space in the shower a little larger. ","annotations":[]}