{"text":"Funk before basics Despite what a lot of customer reviews say, the neighborhood is not the problem with this wannabe boutique-hotel. The real problem is that they nickel-and-dime you for everything. There is also no air conditioning. I would think that if you're going to give a hotel a huge makeover, the first thing you would do is install air conditioning. They didn't here; they were more concerned with putting board game pieces in fat red frames.The hotel wasn't bad, but when we checked into the room, it was terribly hot. The ceiling fan was wired to the track lighting over the bed, so we could only have air if we turned on the lights. I went to the desk to complain about this and they sent up a man who disconnected the lights.There was no refrigerator in the room. We had some leftover takeout, so we asked if we could use one. They sent a man up with a small fridge, but it cost $10 a night. Not bad--but again, a nickel here, a dime there.The lobby and rooms were cute, with brightly-colored plastic retro furniture. If you want to get a good idea of the decor, watch the episode of The Odd Couple when Felix tries to redecorate the apartment. The only thing missing was the chair shaped like a hand. But once you're past the lobby into the halls, the place is a bit creepy. The rooms' floor-to-ceiling windows face the hall\/balcony, so there's no privacy. Some people were sitting in dark rooms with their doors open. Others were lying in bed watching TV with their doors and curtains open. Maybe they were trying to cool off. Perhaps there was just an odd collection of people during my stay, but there was constant noise. People yelled down the hall to each other and ran up and down the halls all hours of the night.When we checked out, we found we had been charged $100 for parking a Buick. We never had a car. (Parking is $20 a night.) They reversed this charge, but weren't particularly nice about it, considering it was such a blatant error.Overall, it wasn't terrible. The location is two blocks from Civic Center, BART, and the F streetcar to the Embarcadero. The street is no less safe than Market St. itself.Just don't visit during a hot weather spell! ","annotations":[]}