{"text":"Great, but no Internet We just spent the entire Thanksgiving week (Nov 2006) at this hotel and found it to be a mix of the great and the not so great. As far as the hotel itself, the accomodations were great and we didn't have any problems with our room at all. The day staff was great and extremely helpful and their consierge answered all my pre-arrival emails expeditiously and always took care of all our demands. He even did our room upgrade and gave us one of the 3 rooms with a balcony, which was great! From this perspective we enjoyed this beautiful hotel and would recommend it to anyone wating a serene and elegant residence when visiting Florence.The only major problem we had with the hotel was that it prominently advertised free wireless internet on its brochure and over the Internet, but that was simply not the case when you got there. It was free alright, but the only internet connection they had was at the lobby and only one single person could be logged in at the time for the entire hotel! Since both my wife and I do a lot of work and teach over the Internet, this was just unacceptable for people like us who need that conncetion on a daily basis when away from home. People using the single account could use it for 2 hours at a time, so you could be out of connection forever waiting for other people to finish what they were doing. Had we known about this beforehand, we would have chosen another hotel for our Florence stay (the staff did not show any emotions when we informed them of this, as if they were immune to such pleas by now). We did manage to use the Internet regularly by walking a few blocks to a fantastic pub named Moyo, which had free wi-fi for everyone with a 2 hour limit (you could renew it, though). The pub was open from about 9AM to 2AM, so logging in was no problem. At 7PM the pub also dishes out a fantastic amount of free food for their customers, which was kind of nice too. Just didn't feel that afer spending so much money for this hotel we would have had to walk down the street to use the Internet. So, if you don't really need to be connected while in Florence, this is a great hotel for you to stay. However, if you managed to scape to Italy provided you had that connection, then you would do better by finding another hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1927,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1923}]}