{"text":"There are better places to stay for the price! We stayed in the Normandie for 7 nights the last week of August ($1,400 total). I am not extremely picky with hotels as long as they're clean but this one did not fit the bill. When we arrived at the hotel we were extremely tired and my boys (ages 3 and 5 at the time) wanted to take a nap. Since it was 2pm I didn't think it would be a problem to get a room, the lobby employee could plainly see how tired we were but he gave me the run-around and in the end we had to walk around for 2 hours. My sister also stayed at the same hotel and she asked to be near me way in advance and they did not accomodate her request either. You can see the front desk really can do much better. The bedrooms are spacious but the carpeting and sofas are extremely dirty (dirtiest I've seen in any hotel, black stains everywhere!). The bathroom had some dried urine and feces stains on the toilet and then I almost passed out. Instead of asking for housekeeping I figured I could do a better job so I put on some gloves and wiped down the entire bathroom with disinfectant I purchased at the supermarket. One morning we left a little late in the morning and housekeeping had already skipped our room. We approached the lady and asked for our room to be cleaned anyway and she said it would be no problem. Well, we get in later that afternoon and notice our door not completely shut but when we get in the room was exactly as we left it! Obviously the cleaning lady went in and changed her mind but forgot to close the door! That's when I started going through all my things because I imagined the worst but everything was intact. The area isn't the best either, you cross the street and it's like you're in another world! We were warned not to walk around when the sun goes down so I am warning you too! The pool was ok, most days no one was there so we enjoyed it and the view of the ocean behind the pool was great too. One afternoon after swimming in the pool we noticed the back door was locked and we were told to go through the front entrace; we were in our swiiming trunks and my husband did not have a shirt on but what can you do, right? Well we walk in through the lobby and immediately upon entering the front desk employee tells my husband he can't be in the lobby without a shirt! What the hell, how are we supposed to get back in our room if the back door is locked??? Like he wanted to be lingering in the lobby shirtless and wet?? All in all we would not stay in this place again, the Caribe Hilton is right next door and they're a much better quality. If we ever go back to PR again that's were we will stay. ","annotations":[]}