{"text":"Form over Function! A friend and I recently spent six horrible days at the Prestige.Paseo de Gracia. Billed as sleek and modern, its high-tech form sadly precedes any semblance of function--that is to say customer comfort. We stayed in the Superior Double at $330. This undersized room and bath with insufficient closet and storage space for two people travelling lightly was equiped with a high-tech amenities including a lighting system that required a PhD engineer to operate. For example, you turned off the lights and the window curtain closed whether you liked it or not.Speaking of the curtain, upon arrival Day 1 and badly needing a siesta, the curtain wouldn't close. The supposed customer-oriented staff shrugged this off and told us a technician would come some time in the afternoon. We chose to stay away from the hotel until 18h only to find the problem unresolved. Finally, after a number of angry phone calls, the general manager arrived at 21h with the tecnician. He claimed he'd just learned of the problem. There are only 45 rooms in the hotel.It was downhill from there. The manager left his card and told us to email if we had any other requests. I did mail him and he never responded. The next day, the room wasn't cleaned but someone left a note saying they'd been there and didn't want to disturb us! Good form, no function.The hair dryer was conveniently affixed inside a closet next to the safe in an unlit entry. The terrace view included clothes lines and air conditioners. The shower leaked and the bath stopper was broken. The exit door handle on our floor came off in my hand and wasn't repaired during our stay. The elevator noise was unbearable at night. Despite a hotel filled with English and Americans, the only english language TV was CNN. The buffet breakfast was over-rated and over-priced. In addition, the hotel staff gave us the evil eye during our entire stay beause of my complaint.I could go on but it would only remind me of the $2000 wasted on this experience. If I could find something positive to say, it is that the hotel is centrally located near a lovely neighborhood. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":221,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":214}]}