{"text":"Not The Greatest Experience Stayed there for 2 weeks Feb 3 to 17 in the Royal Golden area, building 21.Would rate the experience a 5 out of 10.Airport was a zoo. Really crowded and seemed disorganized. We managed to survive and found our bus to the resort in time.On arrival we were directed to the Golden Club Guest Service Salon (A small 4 desk room with 4 customer service people and about 20 guests waiting in line so talk to them) to arrange for our dinner reservations and a safe in our room.The vacation started of on sort of a negative note as we were there just when theft of a purse from one of the guests occurred. The lady had her purse sitting right beside her on a table when her purse was snatched. It happened so fast!I sympathize with that lady because it happened in an area which was supposed to be secure.I read an earlier guest comment where it was said this wasn't the hotel's fault. I disagree, and I think it is wrong to marginalize this person's shocking experience because it should not have happened in such a place.We found out that such things are common in this area, and it was surprising that more isn't being said about it by travel agencies.After that shocker, we went to our assigned room, a second floor unit,and waited for our baggage to be brought by the porter as instructed. It never arrived, and after waiting 6 hours we went back to the arrival area and our baggage was still sitting on the driveway in front.We took it to our room on our own rather than leave it there any longer. It's a long way with two large suitcases!Our room was a little shopworn but adequate. There were some things missing that we were told would be there such as a coffeemaker, bottled water, and facecloths in the bathroom we called about this but only got the water. Never did see a coffeemaker, and facecloths seemed to be in short supply the whole time we were there. The bathtub plug never worked, but shower was used mainly anyway so that was'nt a big deal.Maid service was not bad, although the room was left unmade until late afternoon most days.Grounds and buildings look really nice, and there seems to be a lot of attention given to them by work crews which are always there.The pool was really clean, and there were lots of lounge chairs available around the pool. It gets crowded after about 10:30 AM, and getting a shaded area isn't easy because they are usually all taken early on. It also gets pretty noisy after 3:00PM when the loud music gets turned on, but that's probably a good time to head to the beach anyway.The beach is expansive, with beautiful soft sand, and lots of shaded huts to use, although the whole area is just a sea of blue chaise lounges row on row. Really a lot of people there.We ate at both buffet and a la carte restaurants and had few complaints. lots of variety and mostly good quality food. One or two exceptions where a steak was unchewable or had a fossilized coating of hollandaise sauce pasted to it.Servers were really friendly and seemed to be trying hard to please everyone.Once in a while there was a really strong sewer smell in the main buffet restaurant at breakfast time. Don't know what that was all about, but it didn't happen often.Getting around is not too difficult because there are shuttles running every few minutes, so it saves walking the kilometer or so from one side of the place to the other.There are some really nice things about this resort. There are also some not so nice things. The worst situation when we were there had to do with the place being overbooked. people were arriving with nowhere to put them, or putting them in a part of the resort they hadn't expected to be put. They were offering people incentives to relocate to another resort all the time we were there.In retrospect, the place is just too big and too crowded for our taste, and if we had to do it over again we wouldn't have chosen this one.In fairness to the hotel, it was definitely overbooked, and I think staff were just overwhelmed because of that. Now as to why it was so severely overbooked, that's another story. This shouldn't be happening. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":310,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":306},{"endOffset":3406,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3402},{"endOffset":3464,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3460}]}