{"text":"Nice Hotel in a Great Location We stayed at the Villa Real for 7 nights in June, occupying two rooms which were on the fourth floor overlooking the park. Our 19 year old daughter had a room with a full length window giving excellent views of the park and Parliament building next door. Our room had a smaller window but the same views. Both rooms were split level with the bathroom and bedroom area being on the upper level and the living area on the lower level. The rooms were spacious, very clean, had plenty of storage space, and came with a complimentary bottle of wine on the first night. The stairs between the two levels may be a concern for people with young children, the disabled or infirm, or even sleepwalkers.We did have some minor noise problems mainly caused by other guests allowing their children to be noisy in the corridor during the early hours of the morning. Also it is worth noting that the rooms have wooden floors and if someone is walking around upstairs in hard soled shoes it is possible to hear this. However, once we had closed the door between the bathroom and bedroom area we found that the noise was not a problem.The buffet breakfast was excellent and although we had pre-paid for the additional cooked option we found that the buffet selection would have been sufficient. The breakfast staff were always friendly and attentive.The hotel is in a great location being near to most attractions and close to many fine restaurants and tappas bars. We walked almost everywhere without problem. Due to its proximity to so many restaurants and bars we did not eat in the hotel. We did compare the cost of dining in the hotel with dining out and found it to be much more expensive. However, this could be a reflection of the quality of food and service, and as we did not dine here we cannot comment further.The hotel does offer free internet access in the lobby which was hardly ever busy. However, one criticism is that this is not connected to a printer. When confirming our return flight on-line I was hoping to print off our boarding passes but this was not possible. Not a major problem but it may be a consideration for a business traveller wanting to print off a document.I did ask the reception staff to organise tickets for the Sunday night Bull Fight. I put my request in on Thursday morning and checked every evening. It took until Sunday evening to be informed that tickets would not be required as they could be purchased at the venue and that it was at a later time than expected due to be being a minor event. I was a little dissapointed that I had to continually chase this request up and did not consider the staff to be as helpful as they could have been. I also extend this criticism to the doorman who didnt even appear to notice us entering or departing the hotel until the final morning when he obviously thought that a tip was on offer. For a hotel of this class I found the staff, in general, to be a little cold and unhelpfull.We would consider staying here again, primarily for its location. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":4,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":0}]}