{"text":"Extraordinary Service - Seriously Good Enough to Rave About I am not inclined to rave, as my many Trip Advisor reviews will demonstrate. But this hotel was extraordinary and is therefore my first 'five star' rating.Easy stuff to start: The rooms are very large by European standards. I expected a room too small to leave my suitcase open in, and was completely (but happily) mistaken. Very large, comfortable and well appointed rooms appear to be the norm based on my room and those of my colleagues (I saw two others that were the same as mine).Internet connection was speedy, so I think the issues previous reviewers had must have been resolved by the time I visited. It's pricey, but no more so than any other hotel in Europe. In fact cheaper than some.The breakfast buffet is very good with plentiful quantities and options, but I'd suggest going out for lunch and dinner as the hotel's excellent location makes it easy to explore. Now's where I start raving. If service isn't the thing that makes or breaks a stay for you, just skip the rest of this review.Every single staff member at this hotel truly embodies the spirit to serve that the Marriott markets itself on. I've stayed at countless Marriotts and never thought much of it - everyone was OK and the rooms were clean. Other than the Book of Mormon in the bedside table, I can't think of anything that's distinguished Marriott from any other hotel for me in the past. But the people at this hotel put their counterparts - and virtually every other hotel's staff I've ever stayed at - to complete shame.The very busy front desk staff remembered me every time I had cause to pop down (and it's not like I'm particularly distinctive in any way). In fact when I rang on my last day to query something on the bill, the man who answered was the one who'd checked us in several days before and he had remembered both me and the special billing request I'd made. I just about fell over.The most amazing part for me was the concierges, who must attend to literally hundreds of guests each day. Every time we dealt with them I left with great information and a smile on my face. One quick example: Silly me had lost my luggage tags somewhere between my meeting and the hotel and was rushing to pick up my luggage and catch a cab back to the airport. I had to complete a form because I'd lost the tags (which they made quick and painless, even joining me - respectfully - in my own joke about my stupidity to lose my tags), Before I'd even finished signing the form, the second concierge had all of my bags sitting next to me. I hadn't described them or told him anything at all about them - he's just got an extraordinary memory and is very good at his job.Every exchange I had with the hotel staff, even when I was rushing like a mad fool, was not only courteous but also friendly in the very direct Dutch way of being friendly but not obsequious. It was truly a landmark of the stay. And it's the feature that will make me pay extra to stay at the Marriott even when I travel to Amsterdam for leisure. I really have seen evidence of the spirit to serve, rather than reading the beautiful book they put on your nightstand (of the same title) and wondering why I never see those people when I stay at Marriotts around the world. The answer is that they all work in Amsterdam. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2925,"mention":"landmark","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Landmark_London"],"startOffset":2917}]}