{"text":"Loved Everything About This Hotel We could not have been happier staying for five days in Paris with the Luxembourg Parc. The hotel is a jewel directly across from the Luxembourg Gardens, near the Luxembourg Parc museum and the Senate. The hotel is small but completely charming, well-decorated, comfortable and elegant The staff are always at your disposal, very efficient, friendly, and knowledgeable. They go out of their way and treat you as though you were a guest in their own home. With only 23 rooms, a small bar in the reception area, a library with free computer use, a small breakfast room on the park, and an exercise room in the basement, the feeling is more like being in a home or inn. There is a small but charming courtyard off of the reception area but it was too cold to sit out there. At night a light lit the fanciful sculpture onto the wall. In general, the hotel has the feeling that everything has been well-thought out but not overdone.We had an executive room on the third floor which was as nice as its photo. It had two large windows opening onto a small courtyard, an armoir area, a desk and sitting chair. The room was decent size and in very good shape. There are lovely details everywhere including the marble bathroom which was a little small but still very nice. The room was very quiet and we felt we had a lot of privacy. Each floor seems to have a similar layout. Our room number was 31 and was similar in size to 21, etc. There is one room in the hotel with a balcony overlooking the park but I understand that the room is smaller. Other rooms overlooking the park or side street might be noisier.On arrival, we had a small gift of a little, cute dog with the hotel emblem. The staff knew their neighborhood well and directed us to very good restaurants including Le Petit Coeur. The neighborhood is lovely. For an urban setting, the park is tranquil and beautiful with its winding paths, Parisians relaxing with each other, interesting and varied statues, and lovely flowers. Families walk by during the day, and the area near the hotel is very chic with beautiful apartments, small interesting shops and varued restaurants. It is a short walk to Saint Sulplice and the Cafes (Deux Magot etc), It is not far to the Seine, the Orsay, the Louvres, Notre Dame and movie theaters. There are many lovely boutiques in the area including some of the big names like Yves St Laurent.We had the 15 euro breakfast once at the hotel which was adequate but not lavish with very nice service. We found that going to the the cafes in the neighborhood more enjoyable although not necessarily cheaper. We would love to return to the Luxembourg Parc and have only the very best to say about this elegant, boutique hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2508,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2504}]}