{"text":"A comfortable, pleasant stay I stayed at this property during my tenure on a consulting project, which lasted from July 2007 through August 2008. This is a newer property near the Charlestown Navy Yard, along Boston Harbor and the entrance to the Charles River, but right up against the old Charlestown Bridge. This means that half the suites face the bridge and have virtually no view, while the other half has a very pleasant view. Fortunately, I had an upper-floor room with the harbor view during my stay. The facility and suites were very safe and secure, and the property is in a safe part of the city.If you drive, free parking is exceedingly limited, so in all likelihood, you will find yourself utilizing the valet service. For those who choose to walk and\/or utilize transit, the facility is within easy walking distance to Bunker Hill and is practically within a few minute-walk from the USS Constitution. It is a 10-minute walk across the river to the TD Banknorth Garden - which also houses the closest transit station - and the historic North End neighborhood. Taxis are frequently queued outside the property, so for those not inclined to walk, access to the rest of the city is easy. The weak points are that - while there are some good full-service restaurants in the neighborhood - quick-service restaurants were non-existent. There was a servicable - albeit unspectacular - grocery store that was also about a 10-minute walk from the hotel. Overall cleanliness of the property was very good to excellent. The suite was somewhat small, but as a solo traveler, it was spacious enough, and was comfortable. The suite was clean, and all was in good working order. If something did happen to break or otherwise go wrong, maintenance services were responsive and made things right in short order. The bed was very comfortable. The kitchenette was fine, although a bit impractical to do anything more than microwave cooking. The suites were quiet, so external disturbances were minimal. From time to time, hot water in the suite could be hard to come by. But usually that was in the morning during the time that they were making their breakfast and when those guests heading to work were likely to be up and getting ready for the day. Laundry services were plentiful, albeit a bit expensive.There was a free breakfast service served seven days a week, which offered a good variety of food and was generally satisfying. On Mondays through Thursdays from 5pm to 6:30pm, they served a free hospitality snack and\/or beverage, which often times was hearty enough to be an evening meal. The facility did have a cafe, which in the warmer months had the bulk of its seating outside on the pier, that was decent. In the summer months, the hotel also offered free movies that were shown on the pier. The front desk staff was overall very pleasant and responsive to all guest requests. They were also very knowledgable about the area, and the best options to access them. The housekeeping was also very pleasant, and even the property managers were pretty cordial and responsive.Overall, I had a very good lodging experience at this property. I did have colleagues who worked with me at various times during my tenure there who had different experiences with suite quality and such, but I cannot speak to those individual opinions. All I can say is that I would recommend this property with no qualms - particularly if you can procure a room with the harbor view. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":215,"mention":"Boston","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Boston_cream_pie"],"startOffset":209}]}