{"text":"Great hotel But be wary of Spanish taxes This was a fantastic hotel with an amazing location. Las Ramblas is literally a 2 minute walk. The parc de catalunya is again 2 minutes away where you will find loads of taxis (the taxis are very reasonable). The rooms are not a bad size, huge bed, desk, tv and a fridge (very handy! Even the mini bar prices were reasonable). The air conditioning was excellent and the bathroom was clean and the free products were excellent. Also, the hotel was either very quiet or the walls very thick - we were quite near the elevators and heard nothing!The staff were very helpful and most of them spoke perfect English (the others were near perfect!). We didn't try out the restaurant but we did notice the room service was quite reasonably priced and served until midnight. Just be wary of two things in Barcelona:1. Impuesto (?) tax. The site we booked our hotel through said 99 euros a night but then this surcharge was added as we checked out. It was only about 7 euros a night but if you aren't prepared then you could be out of pocket - especially on a long stay! 2. People begging for money. Yes you have no doubt been warned about beggars, pick pockets but I haven't heard of the experience we went through. A young man starts walking with you, asking you questions, when you tell him you aren't giving him any money he starts hurling abuse. When he did this I decided to pay further attention to him - just in case he did try to rob us. His teeth were really rotted away and it was only when he began shouting I realised this. Furthermore, he was working with another girl. I feel this is definitely a way to get people to bring out wallets\/purses and then rob them, pass it to the girl and escape. When I started shouting back he left - he didn't want any negative attention. My advice is if you feel something rather dodgy is going on shout, scream - make noise - people will notice. They might not do anything but these people do not want their faces recognised so that they can pull another job later.For a great meal - there is a restaurant on Mont Juic that looks out on to the whole of Barcelona - it even has a revolving floor. Outside it says Restaurant - nothing more, but it is absolutely wonderful. Montjuic el xalet - Tel. [--] to book. (its a little pricey but well worth it - prob about 40 euros per person for a 2 course+ drinks)The only other tip for a good meal was Los Caracoles (C. dels Escudellers 14) - which is just off the Ramblas - it has roast chickens in the windows and is absolutely wonderful (they have a framed picture of Robert De Niro eating there so not a bad advert!) ","annotations":[]}