{"text":"Four star hotel with five star service and ambience First impressions: Stayed there during the second week of Nov. Brand new hotel, with a modern and minimalist lobby and furniture that looks more like a 5-star hotel. Service was impeccable - and like what a few other reviewers have said - check-in was smooth, hassle-free and fast. Good value for money considering its location in Shinjuku.Room: We got the Economy Room, which has space for one queen bed, a desk with a large LCD TV and walking space around the bed for one person. Have to be creative if you need to lay open two big-sized suitcases. Very small rooms can take a bit of getting used to - but as long as you spend most of your time outside sightseeing, you won't feel much of it. Bathroom is tiny too, but self-sufficient. Bed is very comfortable if not a bit soft. Our room looks into the neighbouring office block's toilet stack, but thankfully we closed out curtains most of the time. Not a single English channel was available, but why should one travel all the way to Japan to watch CNN? Check out the hilarously quirky Japanese variety shows in the mornings and evenings.Location: is hard to beat, considering that Shinjuku is an interchange station for at least with 5-6 lines that lead you to places like Ginza, Harajuku, Tokyo station, Odaiba, Asakasa, Shibuya and Ikebukuro. The trick is finding the right exit from Shinjuku station. When returning to hotel, always look for the South Exit for the JR line and you won't go wrong. Surroundings: Is near major shopping malls such as Takashimaya Times Square, Lumine, Mylord, a major bookshop, Starbucks, and numerous restaurants. MacDonalds is also down the street. If you want to try authentic Japanese cuisine, try walking across the road bridge to Shinjuku East for the noodle shops. There is also a shop called Yoshinoya down the street that sells delicious beefs-stewed rice and miso soup.Highly recommended for both first-timers and repeat visitors to Japan. ","annotations":[]}