{"text":"Beautiful Rooms; Service not so good My companion and I have just returned from a 7 night stay at Condado Beach Hotel and Casino in San Juan, PR. The hotel is undergoing some renovation, but the work had minimal impact on our stay. The room was as described on the website. We were in one of the red rooms in the ocean tower. It had a view of the lagoon, and of the city of San Juan. The room was beautiful - very modern, the bed really comfortable, with high quality linens. The bathroom was large, with a glassed in shower. Room also had flat screen tv, coffee maker, iron, and safe. The balcony was large and came with 2 chairs and a small table. The housekeeping staff was very accommodating and kept the room immaculate. The only minor problems were that we had to ask for washcloths, and from the hotel photos, it looked like there were supposed to be bath robes, but there were none. No big deal. Ok, that's the good. Now the bad. We found the hotel staff to be not very accommodating, and most of the time acted as though it was a bother for them to be asked anything. This happened time and time again, from the bell staff to the front desk, concierge, pool and casino staff. Here is one example: the hotel has guest laundry; the change machine was not working. It was close to the pool, so I went to the pool bar to get change. NO! To the front desk. NO! To the casino - yes but not very happily. Four outlets before I could get a dollar's worth of quarters!!Also, everything in PR is extremely expensive. Drinks and food at the pool are ridiculously priced, and here again, the staff very mediocre. Tip: one of the best and cheapest things on the menu are the empanadillas.All in all, we found Puerto Rico to be not a very hospitable place. The past 2 vacations have been spent in Mexico, and the difference is amazing. In MX, we were made to feel like people were genuinely happy to see us, the prices were always reasonable, and food always good. My advice: skip PR altogether and go to Rivera Maya. Oh, and one last thing. We are not complaining or picky people, but our experience in PR was not a great one. I hope yours is better. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":562,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":556}]}