{"text":"Great Hotel... My husband and I stayed here in July for 5 nights.The hotel is approx 25 minutes from the main airport, and around US$24 by taxi to get to.We arrived and we able to check-in very quickly and easily and were shown to our room.We booked a normal room (not the petite room) and it was still very small. The actual size of the room didn't bother us, it was moreso the size of the bed! The size of the bed is double, but if you're used to a queen or king you'll find it small when two of you are sleeping in it. But otherwise, the bathroom was very big, with a spa bath and beautiful toiletries are provided in the bathroom, along with a free bottle of still water each day.We had a room at the back of the hotel and we didn't hear any noise...ever! Very quiet indeed.The room had a large safe (for laptops), free internet connection and a large flat screen plasma tv. The rooms are very modern and clean but still have that nice historical charm (the outside of the hotel and the lobby are just beautiful).The hotel staff are super friendly and will go out of their way to help you. They all speak english, including restaurant staff and some porters, which really helps if your spanish is not great.We ate breakfast in the hotel (we had it included in our rate) and it was probably the best breakie we have had in any hotel, ever - and we have travelled quite a bit. It's traditional mexican fare (although there is an omlette station, fruit, cereal etc) but the food is great! It is also open from 7am-12noon for breakfast, so no need to rush in the mornings to eat. We also had dinner in the restaurant, and the food is sensational and very reasonably priced (between US$10-$20 for the main course). There is a business centre where if you don't bring your laptop you can use their computers for free (up to one hour each day) which is great.We booked a tour through the hotel and the tour was great (although the tour guide was a little odd, and was very pushy when it came to his tip at the end of the tour - I even got into trouble for not looking at him when he was speaking! Felt like i was on a school excursion!) but otherwise the tours are a great way to get your bearings in this mega city.My husband and I walked everywhere, including down to the History Museum and the Museum of Anthropology, both of which are just fascinating. If you're in Mexico City on a Sunday, you have to go to the Park that house the two museums - all the locals are out celebrating the weekend and as the History Museum is free on Sunday, there are people everywhere! It was a great experience.Zona Rosa is a 5-10 min walk away and there are many things to see and do close by.The hotel will organise taxis for you but as other's have indicated, the prices are higher (for example, leaving the hotel in a cab the hotel arranged for us to a restaurant cost us $100 MXP and the return trip was only $25 MXP with a taxi we hailed from the street) - but, it's best to respect safety when you're in a foreign city and at the end of the day it's only a few dollars here and there.All in all, this is a great hotel for both business and pleasure. It's centrally located on the Paseo de la Reforma which is a lovely tree lined street that feels safe and is well maintained (there are statues all up and down the street also).I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Mexico City! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":939,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":935}]}