{"text":"Not what we expected from a Ritz-Carlton We stayed in the Ritz-Carlton for 5 nights during a recent vacation; the service was excellent (if somewhat spotty), but the overall experience was less than what we expected from a Ritz. We are frequent travelers and during the past 5 years we have taken 10 extended vacations and never had occasion to complain about anything; we're not easily ruffled, and it takes a lot to make me call guest services--something we had to do several times during our stay. Here are the things we had to complain about: 1) When we took a blanket out of the closet to put it on the bed, it was wadded in a ball and had a huge piece of dried cheese stuck right on top. Disgusting. Housekeeping brought a new blanket immediately and it was warm and fresh.2) We had a standard room which could be used as an adjoining room. On the third day, someone checked in to the adjoining room and we could hear everything they said, even though they were speaking in normal voices. I could hear the man whistling Little Drummer Boy - that's not right. We were woken up at 1:30 AM when the couple returned from a night out; they received 4 phone calls within 20 minutes and we heard every word of every call. That should not happen at a Ritz. To the credit of the Ritz staff, we called guest services at 2:00 AM and asked for a non-adjoining room, which they quickly located for us and we were moved within 15 minutes. Excellent service.3) The next day we had to call guest services again and ask for a new iron, since the one in the new room was coming apart and didn't work. I didn't want to have to call again (I felt we had already earned a reputation as hard to please, unfairly), but we couldn't show up for dinner in wrinkled clothes...They brought a new iron within 5 minutes. We had an excellent time despite the small problems, but we concluded that the hotel quality was more in line with a 3-star hotel. We've stayed in Hiltons and Sheratons that were MUCH nicer than the Ritz, and for much less. ","annotations":[]}