{"text":"Loved the Outrigger! My husband and I booked the Outrigger for the majority of our honeymoon stay in Hawaii. Of course, we read many reviews on trip advisor before going, so we weren't sure exactly what to expect based on the mixed reviews.We had a great time! The first 6 nights we stayed in a partial ocean view room with a king size bed. The room was spacious and the bathroom was very nice. However, being on the first floor, our view wasn't very good. We could see a little of the ocean, but mostly just the building next door. We liked the free in-room safe. The beds were very comfortable as well. The hotel also allows customers free calling anywhere in the U.S.! As honeymooners, there was a bottle of champage in our room the first night. After returning from a few days in Maui, we upgraded to a deluxe ocean front room, and it was definitely worth it! The room has a spa tub and a fabulous view of the ocean (obviously). The room is a bit smaller than the partial ocean view, but still worth it. If you can, upgrade to this room! Maid service was excellent and the staff at the Outrigger was very helpful. We were amazed at how well they handle everyone's luggage with so many people coming and going. The staff was also great about moving our luggage during our stay in Maui. We didn't take all of our bags with us, and when we returned to the Outrigger, our luggage had already been moved for us into our new room.Since I've read other reviews of the hotel, I know that some people complain about the walls being too thin. I was able to hear our neighbors several times, but the noise wasn't so much that we couldn't deal with it. The beach area does get a bit crowded, but what do you expect? Waikiki is one of the best beaches in the world...and people want to enjoy it! You'll see why when you get there!Many people bought small pool floats for the ocean (between $3-$8) at local stores. I would also suggest bringing your own towels (or buying one when you get there). We rented a car one day and went snorkeling along the North Shore, so our own beach towels were helpful. The hotel does provide towels, though, if you're just going to stick around the area. One thing I found a little annoying about the lower pool area was that at 4:00 the staff clears people off their lounge chairs to make extra room for Duke's Restaurant. This happens at 3:00 on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays for a band to play.We ate at both Hula Grill and Duke's. Hula Grill is good for lunch, while Duke's is good for either lunch or dinner. We ate dinner at Duke's twice, and loved it.One more thing...we bought the book Oahu Revealed and found it very helpful. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1857,"mention":"floats","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Ice_cream_soda"],"startOffset":1851}]}