{"text":"Avoid this hotel - in particular single rooms! A friend and I booked two single rooms here this past weekend. We were extremely dissatistifed with the rooms and left to find other accomodations. Upon our departure, the hotel threatened that they'd called the police because we refused to resubmit our credit card information (which the hotel already had through our booking on Venere). I would strongly suggest avoiding this hotel! More details on our experience follow.The single rooms are extremely small (think storage closet), but much worse than size, the singles are located next to the elevator. The head of the bed is located right next to the elevator shaft - not even across the room! The walls are so thin that we could not only hear the elevator but could also feel the vibrations. A major design flaw!We requested another room - any other room. However, the hotel was fully booked. We asked for a room at another H10 hotel (there are several properties in Barcelona), but there was only one room available at one of the other H10 properties. We were told that we could have that room, but would still have to pay the late cancellation fee of one night for the single rooms that we found unacceptable. I know of no other hotel that would charge a cancellation fee if a guest merely transfers to another property.We called around and found another hotel (non-H10) that was nearby and had 2 rooms available.Upon our departure, the hotel manager on duty told us that we needed to resubmit our credit card so that he could charge us for one night - essentially as no shows. We refused, saying that he already had our credit card information through our booking on Venere. We questioned why he would need the information again.An hour or so later, my friend received a threatening call on her mobile from the hotel manager that he had reported us to the police. The threat appeared to be false, as we were never contacted by the police during our stay in Barcelona. However, I found this hotel to be unreasonable in its policies, and unprofessional in its threats. ","annotations":[]}