{"text":"WOW what a relaxing place to stay Hello my wife and I just returned on April 6th from a week of the most relaxing period of time I think I have ever had. We booked with Apple vacations and stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana. We flew out of St.Louis on a direct charter.  Everything went extremely smooth, due in fact that there is a Apple rep. available ever step of the way. The flight went smooth, and when you land in Punta Cana you well be escorted into a open air building where you will pay $10 to enter the country and they will give you a slip of paper that you will carry about 20feet to another person that will ask for it back? Why I don't know but thats what they do. Then you will get your luggage and as soon as you turn a corner with it you will be swarmed by young fellas wanting to carry your bags for you. We let them for they know exactly where to go and will get you to your waiting bus alot faster, and all they want is a couple dollar tip. The bus ride is not all that bad, yes its a little rough, and yes there is some garbage along the streets, but we found it very interesting, and only about 30 minutes. The resort is extremly beautiful, we stayed on the Punta Cana side which we liked because it was less crowded and less noise. The room at first was a little musky but open up the patio door and its fine. Also its very clean, and a couple dollars to the cleaning lady does go a long way in getting more towels and bottled water. The food was good, I really liked the fish at the buffets. The steakhouse was very good, but you have to book it asap. The other resturants were ok, but you can always find something you like at one of the buffets. Don't go to the rock cafe the worst food on the place, and the other places are to good to leave. The nightly entertainment was somewhat different, not what a central Illinois couple in their early 40's is use to, but thats why we went to another country to see different things. The beach is the big draw, yes if you want morning shade you will need to get out their by 7:30 and make your claim of lounges. We joked about moving some unattened towels around just to see what would happen but did'nt. Lots of activity on the beach and food and drinks are close by. The staff was always very friendly and helpful in anything that you may need or want. The only negative we had was that we both needed to get some Imodium A-D. We were very careful not to drink the tap water but it still got us. Not to worry though there are lots of restrooms around and the Imodium did the trick. We will be returning with more couples next time to share the fun with. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1693,"mention":"rock","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rock_candy"],"startOffset":1689}]}