{"text":"Had a Fantastic time! My wife and daughter stayed at this wonderful hotel from 8\/12\/07-8\/17\/07. It was our first vacation in San Juan Puerto Rico, and we absolutely cannot wait to go back! The hotel was everything we had hoped for and more. It's a short cab ride from the airport and we got to the hotel at 2pm. We were immediately greated warmly by several doorman, who unloaded our luggage. You'll never have to open the door to the hotel, both in and out! We originally had booked a room with a garden-view, but it was upgraded to an ocean-view on the 9th floor. The room was nice, with a small balcony. The view at night was awesome, although you did had to get use to the sounds of the many coqui's(tree frogs). At this point any stress you may have just simply melted away.The pool, swim-up bar, and jacuzzi was nice, as well as the many small waterfalls around the pool. It was never crowded, and lounge chairs were plentiful. The beach is right off the resort, and you can have someone assist you with setting up lounge chairs and umbrella. Another person came around and took orders for food and drinks-another great amenity. The food is expensive, but we decided to splurge anyway. We had ate at the resort's Japanese steakhouse, and Alfredo's(opened one week earlier). Again, it is expensive, but the food and service was excellent.We went on two excursion's-the rain forest and horseback riding on the beach. The tour guide on the rain forest was fantastic-his name was Hector, and he took us on side tours on his own. He talked to us on the mic the whole way, giving us a history lesson on Puerto Rico and its people and customs. We visited the Bacardi Rum factory also. We took a cab ride($19)to the ferry in Old San Juan, took the ferry across(I think it was $1.50 round trip), then another cab ride($3) to the distillery. The tour there was for free, and each adult received two tickets to sample free drinks. We went into Old San Juan twice. Calle Fortaleza is the main street where you can find many shops and restaurants. The architect of the old buildings and cobblestone streets takes you back in time. We ate at the Parrot Club, which was recommended by a Cigar shop merchant. You can take a cab to Plaza Colon($19)from the hotel and walk up Calle Fortaleza to Plaza de Armas. There's an area here that you can feed the hundred's of pigeons-it was amazing. An old woman was selling feed for $1, and the pigeons are walking around your feet, waiting to be fed. Lots of folks from the cruise ships frequent the area around Plaza de Armas. You can find the outlet stores here(Coach,etc.), which is located on Calle Cristo street(make a right off Calle Fortaleza)Further up a hill on Calle Cristo(past the Coach outlet store), you will find the El Morro Fortress to the left. For $5 you can visit this fort as well as the San Crist√ã¬\u2022?bal Fort, which is located behind Plaza Colon. It takes a few hours of exploring one fort. The difference between the two is that El Morro is much higher. All in all, the trip was great(can you tell?), the hotel was super, the people were very nice. We cannot wait to go back!I hope this review helps any future vacationers to this great resort and island. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2149,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":2145}]}