{"text":"Would Definately Return to the Condado Plaza We stayed at the Condado April 26-May 2 (just got back and still feel like we're on vacation). I, too, read a few negative reviews initially but was impressed about the hotel's concern for these reviews and just had a good feeling about it...so I took a chance and booked the room anyway.We loved it! First of all, we had reserved a City Vista room, and since they are doing renovations on that tower of the hotel, they just decided (before we even arrived) to give us an ocean front room. The view was absolutely stunning...as was the room itself. It was EXACTLY how it looks online...minimalist but very nicely appointed...and the bed was super comfortable. The bathroom was huge, and although there was no tub, there was a see-through shower big enough for two (make sure you get in before you turn the shower on or it WILL leak on the floor). It had a refrigerator and a safe, both of which came in very handy.The employees were all very attentive and made us feel at home...from the bar to the front desk to the restaurants...they were all very professional and truly seemed to enjoy their jobs.Ok, so what were the issues we had? Our room had just been completed not long before and our phone was not hooked up yet...when I mentioned this to the front desk they immediately wanted to move us to another room, but since my husband and I had our cell phones we opted not to. And, one of the elevators was out of service for a couple of days. Two more things...if you're looking for a huge beach to people-watch on, this hotel may not be for you. Because Condado is on the Atlantic side of the island, the water is rough and the hotel's beach lies against a lagoon on the west side of the hotel. It's a small beach, but very quaint, and more than roomy enough, I thought. And, there is a 24 hour Subway about 500 feet from the hotel in case you get super late-night munchies. Trust me, that comes in handy. (-:Had a great time and would DEFINATELY stay there next trip! ","annotations":[]}