{"text":"Perfect Place! I've now learned to take lots of reviews with a grain of salt....I was a bit nervous about the mixed reviews, but I've seen it with my own eyes and LOVED IT!This place was BEAUTIFUL and the staff EXCEPTIONAL! The hotel itself was kept in perfect order. The Pool was nicely kept, the rooms were immaculate and the staff very friendly and helpful. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to my family and friends. If you are beach lovers, the beach is a bit rocky and not all that great for swimming. But if you are pool loungers - its perfect!My fiance became ill while we where there and we called the hotel doctor. He was there in 15 minutes! And since we didn't rent a car and it was at night, the head of security himself went to Walgreen's to drop off and pick up my fiance's prescriptions for us! The staff was wonderful!We did end up renting a car the next to last day we were there to drive into Old San Juan for the day. Everything is at the hotel. Car Rentals, excursions, an incidentals and souvenier shop, a small casino and outdoor and indoor event space (saw a wedding, birthdays and a Quincinera). The food was very good, but there really wasn't a large variety - only 2 restaurants (one Italian) and the other either Asian Fusion or Habatchi (one restaurant with two sides). No buffet in the evening - only for breakfast. There was also just the pool bar or restaurant for lunch. We are late eaters, so if you tend to eat late - make sure you get there no later than 9 pm. However, the staff was very gracious when we arrived 15 minutes before they closed for the evening. The bar and lounge is beautiful and large - they have live dancing\/music and then a DJ.The only downsides we experienced was the room smelled a bit musty, but it wasn't anything we couldn't deal with. And we were a bit concerned that the person who checked us in didn't explain the extent of their meal plans when we purchased. I.e., there were restrictions to certain plans that we didn't know exsisted until we met and started chatting with another couple there. Again, not a huge deal for us, but if you are drinkers - make sure they clarify at what times the meal plan includes alcoholic beverages.Otherwise get to the Gran Melia - they have a lot going on and lots more going on for them in the future too (Trump bought the golf course and its one of his now. Plus he is building gorgeous villas nearby). ","annotations":[]}