{"text":"Made to feel like a criminal The worst possible advert for accommodation for singles, I was put in a third floor room smaller than a prison cell and made to feel most unwelcome by the reception staff. I am not overly fussy about room size but this room was barely 1.5metres wide and only two metres longer than the bed. To watch the tiny TV with poor reception or to read I could not sit with my back against the headboard as the tiny wardrobe was built above my pillow. It was, of course, hopeless for hanging anything full length in as it was suitable for shirts only.My first day experience of the staff was adequate - little did I know that that was to be the highlight of my stay. Having arrived on time yet been kept waiting 10 minutes to check in in a small lobby that smelt like a pub it was so smokey, the young woman who signed me in was fairly friendly and gave me a free map. In really broken English she told me - or so I thought at the time - that I could use the downstairs kitchen to heat food up in (I was staying for a week, so thought this a helpful suggestion to keep costs down).Thanks to a key entry system this was my only dealing with hotel staff until, four days into my stay, a woman receptionist rushed up to me as I was about to get into the lift - which only worked for part of the day to avoid disturbing guests with its noise. She asked me, rather rudely, if I smoked. As a lifelong non-smoker I took offence to her question and her tone - particularly as she, and the whole of the reception area, always smelt of newly-smoked cigarettes whenever I walked past.Luckily I knew friends in a nearby street, so I did not have to use the hotel much, or its kitchen at all, until the penultimate day of my visit. Then, having enjoyed a long walk on a sunny afternoon through the beautiful Vondel Park behind the hotel, I stepped into the kitchen to fill my bottle up with water. The receptionist was out like a flash, asking me what I was doing and telling me, in no uncertain terms, not to go into the kitchen again. I tried to explain that I thought this was what I had been told on my first day, but the receptionist either did not understand or believe me.Thankfully it was nearly time to go home. Despite being in the hotel for a week my sheets were never changed nor my bathroom cleaned. I couldn't wait to leave my little cell, and I will certainly never again pay 100 euros a day for such an experience. ","annotations":[]}