{"text":"A pleasant hotel with a few issues I have stayed a few times at the Victoria for work meetings, most recently last week. It is an older hotel and an Amsterdam staple. The staff is courteous and helpful. A couple of downsides: - The cleaning staff failed to remove empty bottles and cans on 2 different occassions from the room. If you don't put them in the trash can, they don't clear them. - The bathroom had a strong sewage smell every day. Not overpowering, but clearly noticeable. - The hotel restaurant food was not very good (at lunch and dinner). I spend a lot of time in Amsterdam and typically go to a select group of restaurants and avoid hotel food in general. This hotel reminded me why I do that. We had 2 lunches and a dinner at the hotel and all were sub-par.My room faced Centraal Station and was a bit noisy, but that is to be expected. If you want a quiet room, you should request that and get something facing away from the station. To rooms and common areas have WiFi and the connection is average. The price is a bit steep (I think about 15 Euro 24 hours). Eventually, hotels will have to recognize that free WiFi should be a requirement for business travellers.The fitness center is there, but is nothing special (and confusing to get to if you just try to follow the signs). The pool is so small as to not be worth getting in. I am not sure if there is an extra charge for use, as my company is Dutch and provides access to all amenities as part of our staying there. Better to get your excercise walking around Amsterdam if you have the time.On the plus side is the location. It is a 3 minute walk from Centraal. Can't beat that, particularly after a redeye flight. Note that there is a LOT of construction going on near the station, so that should be a consideration if noise is a factor. That said, it is no louder than a typical day in New York. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":76,"mention":"Victoria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Victoria_Bitter"],"startOffset":68}]}