{"text":"Fantastic Room Facilities, Economic Stay! Stayed here with my partner and 10yr old daughter during our one month Xmas holidays in US. Got the room thru Priceline.com at $80 per nite. We were Malaysian Chinese who emigrated to Auckland, NZ, 6 yrs ago and will be relocating to Melbourne, Australia after this US trip.Great room with 5-star hotel facilities, e.g. free broadband connection, downloaded so many movies, was awesome, has a safe, 2 dbl beds, quiet, coffee making, tv, all that a traveller basically needs. Not much variety in terms of restaurant but found a great takeaway selling grilled chicken lunch\/dinners close by. Whole meal cost 3 of us only USD 15.00! Much cheaper by Melbourne standards.Room and furniture dated, but very comfortable beds, after all, when you are touring, hotel rooms are only good for sleeping, not showing off to relatives or friends, as would your home.Parking next door at USD10 per day aft 4pm, some parking close by at USD 4 flat rate but 5 mins walk. Have to be careful if walking back to hotel after dark as lots of homeless people and sleazy areas close by e.g. 3rd St, 5th St, etc. Very scary on some of these streets. My younger bro who visited LA 10yrs back, driving thru Financial District, was held at gun point by a homeless person asking him to hand over his money!My daughter had a huge and frightening cultural shock walking these streets as the bell boy made a big mistake asking us to walk and catch the local bus from these streets! My daughter queried why do we visit USA when it is such an unsafe country! (Makes one appreciate Auckland and Melbourne more) But now that you have the advantage of reading my review and as long as you don't wander off needlessly and take a cab or rent a car whenever you can (get one with GPS), you will be fine.Of course, nothing beats staying at Beverley Hills, etc. but the price you pay there is triple. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":466,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":460}]}