{"text":"Horrible in almost every way This hotel is a total rip-off. They charge hidden fees of $30 per night, so be aware that when you book your room, it's the price of the room plus $30 each night, plus $15 per day for parking. They say it's standard in Puerto Rico, but when the resort is so inconvenient in so many ways, it's difficult to justify what the $30 is for.Firstly, there are NO signs to get to the main lobby. The first night we were there we wandered around for an hour trying to find check-in. We ended up in the condo section of the resort before finally making our way to the front desk which is really buried in the middle of the hotel on the second floor.Secondly, they try to rip you off for the tours. They charge $50 per person for a rainforest tour that actually costs $3 each. Luckily we had rented a car for $13 per day from Hotwire so we didn't get sucked into the resort's crazy prices for tours. The Bacardi tour is FREE and they charge $45 per person. Rediculous! The bio bay and snorkeling were triple the actual price. There is no reason for this extreme price gouging.It took us over 30 minutes to get out of the resort every single day because of the complicated parking policies. They make guests get a ticket validated before leaving, and that means waiting in line. After getting the ticket validated (which requires going outside), we would trek another 5 minutes to the elevator and then wait about 15 minutes for the elevator to arrive. Half the time, the elevator was broken. They would not upgrade us to an oceanview room even though they were only at 40% capacity, simply because we didn't book through them directly (we used Hotwire). I find that kind of elitist attitude really repulsive.They did not provide a lifeguard on the beach (what was my $30 a day paying for again?), which is very dangerous, especially with young children.The pool slide was closed, as was the casino, as were most of the restaurants. Some of the staff were pissy and annoyed whenever we would ask questions. The resort is very confusing to get around in, as there are no signs anywhere. The restaurant prices were laughable, but we got around that by buying tons of food at Amigo down the street, as well as wine and beer. For $50 a person for the week, we ate like kings at lunch and breakfast. For dinners we ate at cheap local joints and even had a few dinners in our room that we made in the microwave. We would make our own drinks every night. Housekeeping never restocked our water, so we got a case from the grocery store, as well as coffee.I wrote a letter to the hotel expressing my displeasure at these issues, and so far have not heard a word back. Overall, I was extremely disappointed. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2563,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2557}]}