{"text":"Looks good from the outside The good is you can easily walk over to the Plaza of the Americas and Westin for lunch. There is a trolley stop close by to head to the West End for dinner. Rooms (some) have a wide screen hi-def tv. Reviews about the location are correct. Downtown Dallas is on a down turn and the areas around this hotel show this. The lounge was nice, pricey but thats how it goes with hotels. Rooms facing the bus depot will be entertained by numerous birds singing all night long. Its not a la la singing either, but loud screeching. The birds hide in the trees that surround the bus depot.No free wireless in the rooms. You can print boarding passes in the business center but the staff get huffy because you are not paying like others do to check email.I think the hotel was used to serving the larger conferences and everyone else could take a jump. Haliburton was there having a big shindig.The worst thing about my stay: as I turned in one night, I noticed something on the wall. It was a cockroach about 2 inches long. Im not usually queasy or picky about insects, but not cockroaches and no way could I sleep while that was in the room. I should have called the front desk but didnt want to have to get dressed and wait for them to respond so I knocked the roach off the wall with the phone book then beheaded the roach with the trash can before it tried to hide. As both parts still squirmed I picked up the pieces with the do not disturb card and flung it outside by my door. In the morning the card and bug pieces were still there, which was understandable as they wouldnt vacuum at night, but when I returned to my room at 4PM the card was gone but the roach was still there. It stayed there until I checked out. The halls are NOT cleaned on a daily basis. As you might expect, that made the rest of my stay uncomfortable. I shook out all of my clothes and kept them in my bag, zipped up tightly. I would spot check the walls the rest of my stay on a regular basis. I had some snacks from a reception that was inside a drawer, but threw it away as I kept imagining the roaches eating the food while I was out.Adams Mart was set to become a Sheraton shortly after my stay so hopefully they will improve the business aspects. Also they should call an exterminator and make sure the cleaning schedule is followed precisely. ","annotations":[]}