{"text":"Great inner city hotel - and great ambiance We read lots of reviews before booking and I agree with another writer that Wes's willingness to read and respond to comments was a plus.Yes, it is old and small but having stayed in lots of city hotels around the world where space is at a premium it is only to be expected. The location makes it worth it. Very central and the tram stopping outside the hotel makes a fun addition for tourists.I can't believe the guy below who thought a $10 note would get him respect. First because it is not required here - all the staff were great; helpful and friendly and there were always lots of front desk staff and porters around who helped us for no consideration and second because he's so cheap!!!Small, quirky shaped (in our case) rooms but very clean and comfortable and quiet. With an average temperature around the 70s AC is really not required; and the fan was adequate.Some recommendations regarding eating - hotel breakfast was very good and reasonably priced but we enjoyed Lorie's diner (one just up the road and one just down the road) - great fun and very efficient - the kids loved it.We ate at the restaurant next door which sometimes had long queues (forgotten the name) but it was very disappointing (dull American fixed menu - sorry) and service was poor - 10 minute wait at the bar for a table but no bar service and no wine list offered at the table. There was one but it took so long to get it the food was delivered!The Italian restaurant opposite the hotel was the fantastic - we didn't book a table (advised) but as we were early (6pm) and agreed to eat within the hour we got a table. Really great food served by friendly staff and the same price as the other restaurant. Wish I hadn't been with children as it had a very buzzy cocktail bar section and it looked fun.A find which was only a short 5 mins walk away was a small,classy but again reasonably priced French restaurant called Anjou. Off the beaten track but I'm sure the hotel staff can direct you. Food cooked by a chef who's travelled and was on site. Enjoy your stay - we did! ","annotations":[]}