{"text":"We had a wonderful time. My husband and I stayed at Natura Park from 3\/7 to 3\/12. We were very nervous after reading all the negative reviews on trip advisor and started second guessing our choice. However, we had an absolute wonderful time. We had absolutely no problems checking in and our room was ready as soon as we got there. It was clean and everything was in working order. The shower had some cracked tiles but again that didn't matter to us as long as the shower worked and the water was warm. The grounds were absolutely beautiful. We have heard complaints about the seaweed and our response to this is, yes, there is alot of seaweed that washes up on shore BUT their are workers working their butts off going back and forth with wheel barrows cleaning it up and why people comment on this when it's completely out of the hotels control and all about nature is beyond me. As far as the food is concerned, it was good, we never had a problem finding something to eat. Again, when you mass produce food like this everyday it will sometimes be not hot enough, or the same as the day before but that comes with the territory at an all inclusive. We only ate at the ala carte steak restaurant and it was good. The service was great. We never had to look for any of our silverware, like we read on this site, it was always on the table. We found that everyone that worked at the hotel were very friendly and also found that if you try speaking a little spanish (thank you, please) that they were very receptive. We were advised to tip a dollar or two while we were there and at first I was against this being at an all inclusive but we ended up doing it and I was glad that we did. They are very grateful! The bartenders work very hard and long hours, we were constant visitors to the bar by the pool and Iris was VERY good to my husband whenever he came to get drinks, tipping went along way!!Now for the chair situation. We were always up and ready for the pool or beach by 7:30 and we never had a problem finding chairs. The pool wasn't an issue and as far as the beach is concerned, people do save chairs and they are usually the ones with the huts that are saved. It's frustrating but b\/c we were always down there so early it wasn't ever a problem. If you like to sleep in and plan to get to the beach and pool at 11am, be prepared to have a hard time getting chairs.The shows were good but to be honest, we were only able to stay up for two of them b\/c we were so tired and in bed by 10:00 each night. The only suggestion I have for the hotel is to change the games at the pool so your not doing the same ones ever day and to play some newer music as well.We met great people the whole time we were there and such a relaxing time. We would go back again and would also reccommend it to others. But, if you aren't laid back and are extremely picky and want everything to be perfect then this isn't the place for you. Just remember, you are on an island and everything is on a relaxed slower pace.Have a great time when you visit!! ","annotations":[]}