{"text":"Average business hotel, poor Internet The Swissotel Merchant Road is a hotel pretty centrally located in Singapore, near the riverside and Clarke Quay and Riverside Point. The MRT (subway system of Singapore) is underneath the hotel, so it is a great place to start your day in Singapore.Checking in was fast and easy, reception is helpful in all questions you might have, although during my stay, they neglected some of the requests we made. The hotel room is convenient, with all the amenities you will probably need during your stay. Some rooms in the hotel are being renovated, which might create some noise, but with a letter in the room, it was announced. Nothing fancy though.Our rate didn't include breakfast, so I can't really comment on that. The outside pool on the second level isn't big, but with a nice view of the city. There is also a fitness room and a spa. The fitness room is well equipped for all your workout needs.There is wired internet available in the room, and if you opt to pay for this, you will also have wireless access in the main areas of the hotel. Internet access for 24 hours is quite expensive (30 S$) and performance is rather poor, the connection regularly resets and during peak times, the delay in response time is quite noticeable. This doesn't make a good experience. Concierge services are good, and helped us in booking restaurants. Late check-out is possible, but that comes with a charge. Checking out itself was fast and respectful (they give you time to actually read the bill), although they didn't make clear to me you'd had to check out at the Cashier's desk instead of reception, so I waited a mere 15 minutes in line at the reception to figure that out myself.All in all, an average hotel, I have had better experiences in Asia with regards to service, but besides the poor Internet connection a good hotel to stay at. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":816,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":812}]}