{"text":"Perfect for a weekend break! We spent three days and two nights at the hotel from the 5th April until the 7th. We decided to use the Connexion Shuttle from the airport, a quick easy way to get straight to the hotel. We arrived at about noon a room was ready but as it didnt have a view. We asked to be moved to a room with a canal view. No problem, we just had to wait until 3pm. We walked to Dam Square (10 minutes slow walk) had a light lunch and wandered back buying a few presents en route. Checked into our room small, but perect view of the Singel Canal, room was clean and had everything we needed.We opted for the buffet breakfast-not cheap @ 17 euros but worth every cent as we didnt bother with lunch.Hotel in walking distance to the Rijk and Van Gogh museums and Hard Rock Cafe(about 20 mins) . Ten minutes from the Anne Frank House- a must for everyone- I would advise you to read the book before you go if you havent already. Allow 45 minutes queuing time it was the busiest attraction in Amsterdam by far. We bought a day pass on the canal bus and received slightly discounted tickets to the Van Gogh museum. The boat bus pass lasts for a day plus carries over until noon the following day. They have a great free map of Amsterdam behind reception. I used the internet once I wasnt asked my room number so I am sure I could have used it on an other days if I had wanted to.We opted to eat at the November restaurant on Friday night which had a set menu with quality food, with a good choice and very friendly, efficient staff.We made use of the little discount cards we found in the reception area for some of the attractions, including the Dungeons which was not cheap but a fun experience. All the staff in the hotel were friendly especially the barman who created a lovely cocktail for me!I would definitely stay in the hotel again if I went back to Amsterdam as it is in a wonderful, safe, and quiet position., yet only a few minutes walk from anywhere! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":783,"mention":"Rock","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rock_candy"],"startOffset":779}]}