{"text":"A Fun (And Sometimes Scary) Adventure! I just returned from a business trip to Berlin and this was the hotel I called home for four nights. Though there might have been more convenient hotels I had a unique experience and left happy that I choose to risk staying here.For the purpose of my review, please note that I stayed two nights in Freedom (actually a prison cell) and two nights in Therapy.If you are considering staying there, remember forewarned is forearmed: The registration desk is only open from 9-12 and they mean it. If you need help at other times call the mobile and don't waste your money with the main number -- no one's there and you'll just hear a long message directing you to the mobile anyway.Pack a travel alarm clock. There's nothing telling time in the rooms I enjoyed. The first had a TV with a couple channels and the other didn't.When you arrive, listen to the whole introduction to the hotel before asking questions. The staff has a prepared set of instructions and most of the things you need to know will be covered -- just be patient and save questions for the end.The main downside of this hotel is the location. The street is kind of boring and in an expensive, not-really-happening part of town. It's also not too dodgy, so that's a plus. You can easily catch the train to the big tourist spots and Propeller Island City Lodge makes a great jumping off point for the rest of Berlin.I'm American so the lighting system (very normal in Europe) threw me for a loop. Lights on motion sensor and timed to shut off meant I got startled by lights going on or off when I wasn't ready for it. The upper levels of the hotel and the fire escape were intimidating as well, when I went exploring one night. (Who wouldn't in such a place?) There's a glass door in front of a barred door that was as frightening as any haunted house I've gone through back home. I like haunted houses, actually, so the fact that the hotel seems relatively safe and quiet despite the scary atmosphere made for an entertaining night.A couple things, in relation to earlier reviews: the staff (who some have called clueless) were very helpful in all of the times I dealt with them. And the noise level (some people mentioned it was noisy) was not a problem at all. I didn't hear one other person at night. Perhaps this is a bigger concern during the summer when more tourists visit.It's a shame that the hotel doesn't allow posting photos of the rooms or gallery. I had an amazing time and would have loved to show everyone how brooding and cool this hotel is. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2464,"mention":"gallery","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Gallery_Hotel"],"startOffset":2457}]}