{"text":"Great hotel, awful area! My friend and I (2 females in their 30s) stayed at this hotel in March this year. We used their travel guide to find the hotel, which proved to be useless. On exiting Santa Marina tube station it took us nearly 1 hour and numerous local people giving us wrong directions to find the hotel. It is tucked away in a residential street and there are absolutly no signs showing you the way. The hotel itself is lovely, (real 4\/5 star style) with champagne reception on arrival, modern, clean, gorgeous rooms, amazing spa and delicious a la carte restaurant, but whoever picked the area needs their head examining. The hotel is surrounded by run-down housing estates (imagine real scary council estates in London). On our first evening out, we walked the pleasant 10 mins walk to the Marina area (where there are lots of gorgeous seafood restaurants, classy casino  nightclubs). On walking back to our hotel at around 2:00am, 3 local young guys walking towards us then decided to follow us and we only managed to shake them off when we ran into some local people and stood with them. We then thought we were safe and started walking through the streets to our hotel and there were other people around. Then we found the 3 young men had somehow run through the back streets and were now in front of us. Not knowing whether they were planning to rape or mug us, I thanked God when I saw a man further down the street and ran to him for help and he walked us the last few steps to our hotel. The man who helped us was from out of town and looking for his car as it had been stolen that night! Needless to say that after that experience, we booked cabs straight from our hotel to our destinations in the evenings and a cab back. We noticed other hotel guests doing the same.On our final night, our cab arrived to take us to the airport and as we drove down the other side of our street (not been down that part before) we saw that there actually was a tube station on the same road as our hotel (literally 10 seconds away) but it was in a dark, dingy, scary looking area with walls covered in graffiti etc. -hence why the hotel never mentions this station in their brochures.It is a great hotel but definetly in the wrong location and it's not even near the landmarks - we used the Santa Marina station during daylight to travel, very easily though, to all landmarks.Only stay if you're with a big strong man!! ","annotations":[]}