{"text":"Absolutely fantasticio!!!!! After a long flight we were picked up by small shuttle service called VIP Services who were delightful! On arrival at reception we were attended to by Edwin whose English was Excellente and who served us with such proffesionalism and was very kind. We had our bags delivered quite quickly and then the holiday started.The rooms do now need some updating and there were signs of this in one of the blocks being repainted. We had a pool view room although the garden view rooms were peaceful and lovely too! Having said that they were absolutely fine, a few ants but hey were in the Carribean. Mini fridge stocked everyday, clean linen, towels and basically kept top class. Staff always have an Ola for you from cleaners to gardeners very pleasant.Then the FOOD! Well we got the chance to chat to The famous Bertholt Detwellier. He was charming and we had a lot to chat about and congratulate him on his staff, their performances and presentation. They truly have made an effort to give holiday makers an excellente standard. We found even when their English wasnt too good they tried to communicate and even shared a joke or two. A big thank you to Martirez, young chef with a beautiful smile and kind words hope he is getting his 10 hours sleep we talked about! The Bars! Jose at the Kafe bar always had a Ole and time to chat with a smile, plus the waitress whose name escapes me with a beautiful smile and always dancing, plus to numerous to mention but thank you!The Pools! They try very hard to keep them as clean as possible washing them down every morning, keeping everywhere as tidy as possible. OK occasionally you did get bits in the pool but with all the trees around and wind you will get it but they come around with the nets during the day. We called it the lazy river which I was never out of by the poolside bar, a little noisy at times but everyone very friendly.The Shows! Were great especially the gentleman soul singer who blew me away.THE ACTIVITIES TEAM!! A big hello to REY, FRANKLIN AND CO! who made everyones holiday wether you joined in the games or not and always made time to come and chat, with great sense of humour and charm. They deserve medals for the hard work they put in.I must say that I had reservations about the Domnican Republic but for me I would return and return again to Excellence which is Excellente!!!!! ","annotations":[]}