{"text":"Not worth it - tiny rooms It was my first, very much anticipated stay at the Fullerton. Would I stay again? No, but then I am a big fan of the Ritz-Carlton in SGP and I was disappointed by the Fullerton. Firstly, I was disappointed by my room. A large number of rooms go to the inside court ie no proper daylight. I asked to be given a room with daylight (not necessarily bay view). After a lot of checking, I was offered a room abt $75 higher then my corporate rate. I told them I like a room at my corp rate where I can see the sky and was then given a room with city view. Unfortunately, it was right next to an office block and as the Fullerton is not very high I needed to keep my curtains closed at all time to avoid the feeling that somebody looked straight into my room. I guess I should have settled for the court view as the result was the same, drawn curtains and no sky. The room in itself was pretty but not particularly spacious (although the bathroom is huge) and a lot of room was taken by a large desk. As there was not that much space the luggage rack with my suitcase was pretty much always in my way. This room is too small if there are two of you. The building is a converted post office and ceilings are also not very high, adding to the feeling of a small space. Obviously, the hotel has also bigger rooms √à√\u2020\u2022?just I was not in one. At check-in I enquired abt internet connection and was told all the info is in the room. In the room I found a general info booklet, however, it refer re internet to another publication. I could not find the relevant info and in the end I just used my laptop when I went to a Starbucks (free WIFI in SGP). The gym and pool neither impressed me. The pool is on a small concrete plateau (3 or 4 floor) with a pretty view over the river, but there is little space around the pool to sit and hardly any vegetation. It rather has a cramped feeling and it is not a place to stay for long. The Ritz in contrast has a tropical garden which almost makes you forget you are in a city. The gym is okay but not particularly big, nor pretty. I only tried the restaurant for breakfast which is very beautiful and has an airy feeling. You almost could think you are in the South of France. I very much liked it as it did not have that big business hotel feel to it. Overall I would not recommend the place and was very disappointed. While it is silly to whine abt a 5 star hotel, in this part of world you get so much more for your money, why bother with the Fullerton? ","annotations":[]}