{"text":"It's a Great exxperience1 Basically, there's nothing really extraordinary about this hotel, and i do not mean that in a bad way. it's not a grand luxury hotel, but it's really great, comfy and worth the money you paid for.The rooms are big, we were a party of six but we only needed two rooms which were even beyond the space we needed. The beds were adequate for us; big, spacious and comfy. After a whole day of shopping till we dropped, three people could even curl up in just one bed. Since we're so tired we no longer moved while we slept. the beds were really comfy and catered to our tired bodies, like a reward after a whole day of walking and sightseeing. A cute thing i even noticed about Marco Polo's nocturnal services is that they even provided a pillow menu for the needs of different people. as i was reading through the menu I felt like sleeping. This pillow menu, I'm not sure if it has a charge for it, but i just found it to be really amusing.The bathroom is ok too, a bathtub, a big mirror and a toilet is already enough for me, especially that they're clean and tidy. There were no suspicious gunks or dust bunnies or dirt we saw in the bathroom, but the showers are mounted onto the wall. The showers were my biggest problem because i was used to using the movable type, and this 'new' habit seemed to disrupt my habits of bathing. There was free tea bags and a thermos for us to use. I have a tip though, they have complimentary water, but it is in the fridge, you've gotta be nosy to find it. I think they kept the free water in the fridge because hotel refrigerators connote expenses, and they were overcharging us to buy Evian water worth 68 HK$ before having the free water. I really liked the location of this hotel, just go down the elevator and get out of the lobby you're already in a mall. it's the Ocean Centre, but if you're looking for bargains this posh mall does not have those things for you. But, if you got out of the hotel there's a lot more stores and malls, this time not all of them are posh anymore. This hotel is not that close to the MTR station though, but a few minutes of walking will already do.I'd really like to stay here again, it was a great experience to stay in this marco Polo, just open the fridge for the free water! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1372,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":1369}]}