{"text":"Good for relaxing holiday On arrival we spoke to an unfriendly younger male staff member. He gave us a room on a 20+ floor. Upon arrival in the room we noticed it was a smoking room. Both of us are non-smokers and we had requested a non-smoking room. When we pointed this out, another staff member quickly gave us the only non-smoking room left, which had a sea view but no useable balcony.The room was very clean and welcoming to come home to at night. We liked the free minibar, although it would ve been better if you could choose the drinks in it beforehand. The bed was amazing and consisted of two rather large individual mattresses. We fell in the space between them once but that was our own fault. The window blinds are excellent. The ensuite bathroom gave the room a cold, modern look and was not entirely practical. We got it out of sight by putting down the blinds in between room and bathroom. The toilet offers virtually no privacy. It isnt even possible to close it properly and it has a see through door. Luckily there are plenty of toilets available on the lower floors.The shower was fantastic. It is built for taller people, but you can change the direction of the showerheads so that was not a problem. Amenities were good.Always keep the do not disturb sign on when you don't want the room to be made up yet, as the housekeeping staff are very quick to go in. I also found them to be the best housekeeping staff I've ever encountered. Very friendly. One lady went out of her way to find us two bathrobes and everyone was very courteous.What truly made our stay was the breakfast. It was excellent in every way. Staff was very professional. Variety was very good. Truly relaxing start of the day.The swimming pool are 'lounging areas' rather than meant for actual swimming. Lounging chairs were occupied pretty early every day. The swimming pool downstairs is too chilly, with everyone able to look at you when walking aroundin the hotel. The swimming pool on the 23rd floor offers a great view of the sea. However, only one person can swim in it at once so its at best used as an occasional refreshment. The area quickly got very very crowded on a sunny day, with people lounging very close to eachother without available chairs left.Location is rather far from city sights, but close to the beach and to the big shopping complex right next door. Not good location for experiencing nightlife unless you take a cab.Overall, we had a very relaxing stay, thoroughly enjoyed breakfast and would come back next time we visit Barcelona. ","annotations":[]}