{"text":"economical - that's it The room was very dated,  smelled of mildew as per previous reviews. We asked for a room facing the courtyard as per previous travellors suggestions, but they were not able to honour that. I decided to go with celebrity because of the kitchenette facilities, but it was not worth it. I think we got one of the older rooms  it faced another apartment. Our AC made a lot of load noises, and the mattress took a little getting used to. The head of the bed was against the wall that separated us from the hallway. Each morning, we would hear all the noises of the hallway. The hotel did suggest we ask the manager to have our room changed, but we were settled with alot of groceries, so it would have been more bothersome to lug all of that stuff to another room. Housekeeping was horrible  inconsistent. The first day, we left $2 tip  our bed sheets were not changed, our dishes were not washed, nor was the place vacuumed. Thus the next day, we left $1 tip, but our sheets were changed,  our dishes were washed (no vacuuming though). The next couple of days, we were sick  stayed in, missing housekeeping. When we finally were well enough again to explore Hawaii, we left $3 tip (because the place was very messy), but no bed sheets were changed, no dishes were washed, kitchen garbage bin was untouched (with 2 days worth of old food in there), but somehow we got vacuuming. I was so disgusted with housekeeping @ this point. The only good thing about the hotel is the front desk staff. The friendliest, courteous, most helpful staff I've encountered, making the stay more acceptable.Good things about the location of the hotel 1) close to a breakfast place that served cheap breakfasts2) close to the beach  international market place (yes do bargain with them)3) an agent on site to arrange for tours etc4) close to the food pantry market, but very expensive  not the freshest stuff i.e. purchased bagels  found them to be moldy (the staff @ the hotel can direct you to a local Walmart) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1928,"mention":"bagels","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bagel"],"startOffset":1922}]}