{"text":"Great hotel - still a shame about the staff There is a clear common theme running through many of the reviews of this hotel. First, the positives:- fantastic location, ideal for a visit to London as a tourist- the beds really are that comfortable- the rooms are among the best soundproofed I've ever stayed in, so you should have a very good chance of an excellent nights sleep- good rooms, good bathrooms, plenty of space- decor is interesting and fun, even if not to everyone's taste- food good.Overall, I would recommend the hotel, and would like to stay again because the positives are many.However, the negatives that other reviewers have reported were all present and correct on my most recent visit (of three stays altogether).Firstly, those chambermaids are still in the habit of bursting into your room for no apparent reason. One of them appeared at 5pm while I was in the shower. She quickly disappeared and never came back to do whatever it was she was going to do (presumably turn the bed down).Secondly, the payment systems still seem to be a bit of a mess. This is not helped by reception staff who are still fairly offhand and seemingly clueless about how their systems work.I had booked 2 rooms, one for myself and my wife, the other or my parents. My parents arrived before we did and checked in. When we arrived, we checked in and were also asked to check my parents in too. It took some time for the staff to grasp the concept that the latter had already happened ('are you sure you have checked in?' - yes, here's the card; 'did you check in under your own name?' - no, we just made one up at random etc).On the morning of departure, we had breakfast, and as we were paying for the rooms, my parents offered to pay for breakfast, which they did direct with the restaurant manager. However, on checking out, it took a good half an hour to verify that breakfast had been paid for, even though we could produce the receipt from their own restaurant. The restaurant manager eventually appeared as a 'character witness' to verify.Finally, my wife and I left before my parents, having handed in the completed express checkout form for both rooms. When my parents handed their key in, they were practically accused of trying to leave without paying. It took another half an hour before the reception staff found the express checkout form and, without apology, let my parents go on their way. Needless to say, my parents were very upset by this shoddy treatment. I should add that I called to complain and did receive a very gracious and unreserved apology for this obvious breakdown in their systems, but it is a pity that the hotel seems to do this sort of thing consistently.So, my advice would be: - turn the lock on your door - this appears to illuminate a red light outside the room which presumably tells ther chambermaids that you are in - they may not burst in then, although you may then forego the turndown service.- avoid booking more than one room - if you have to, test the reception staff's understanding of how you are going to pay and make sure they note this down on your records- charge stuff to your room - don't try to pay separately for anything ","annotations":[]}