{"text":"If you're getting confused...just read this one. Everything explained! My partner and I booked a 2 week all-inclusive deal here as a last minute bargain for the new year. In a nutshell, it was ok. The resort itself was a little tired in places, but was adequate. Our room was fine, with 2 very large beds and a terrace. As I said the resort itself was fine, a little worn in places, but nice. The pool areas were nice, as was the beach. Beware though, you have to get up very early to put your towels down to make sure you get a good spot. Also, beach wise, if you stray past the hotel stretch of the beach, you'll get accosted by people trying their hardest to sell you stuff. They're ok, not scary or anything, just a wee bit pushy and a touch annoying. Food - well, there's 2 large buffets, and they were both perfectly adequate, and ranged from being ok to really nice. We had breakfast, lunch and dinner in both quite regularly, and were always satisfied. The restaurants- well, frankly they were rubbish! The food was poor, as was the service. I just think they're not really expert chefs, who know how to cook proper chinese\/italian food. Entertainment - well.....how can I put this. If you are unlucky enough to be housed in block F next to the 'animation theatre', you'll be listening to cheesy, loud, 'entertainment' until about 11\/12 at night. Its very typical, cheesy stuff, lots of loud dance music, at times it felt like we were at Butlins or somewhere really cheap in tenerife. We're both late 20's, so hardly 'old fogies', but we really hated it, I'm sure some people wouldn't mind it, but it just felt really cheap, and 'chavvy'. Also, the disco was horrible, full of lecherous old men slipping the young girls who worked at the resort money, and trying to disappear outside with them. Was very uncomfortable. The casino was ok, we just played the slot machines. It was blatantly obvious that the roulette\/black-jack tables were a rip off, the rules were nothing like I've ever seen in England!Location - well, you were pretty far away from anything else in the Dominican! There were trips on offer if you wanted them, but you are very isolated. Its fine if you just want to sit on the beach for a couple of weeks, eat too much and drink too many cocktails, but if you want to explore etc, its probably not the right place for a base. Tipping - it really irritated us to see people being so rude to the waiting staff, and never leaving a tip. We always tipped, even in the buffet. One or two dollars is absolutely nothing to us, but is how these people survive. All the staff were very friendly and helpful, and I think its a disgrace not to tip. Pool Safety - well, I'm not writing this part to sound like a hero, I'm saying it to highlight how dangerous water and unsupervised children can be. There was a fairly shallow pool (there's 3 in the resort) with a deep 'plunge pool', and to cut a long story short, a very irresponsible family were drinking in the bar and had forgotten their child of around 18 months, who had wandered off to the plunge pool and must have fallen in. When me and my partner walked past we spotted this tiny child, with no arm-bands, under the water drowning. It was terrifying, we rescued her and we think she was ok, but it was a shocking incident, and could have been much more serious. I just think its important to remember how dangerous kids and water can be!Would we go back? Probably not, it was fine, we had nothing to really complain about, it felt a bit cheap and chavvy at times, but we avoided that, and just enjoyed the nice beach and sunshine! We're certainly not sorry we booked there or anything. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":872,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":868},{"endOffset":3584,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3580}]}