{"text":"Royal Service A Must! We stayed at the Melia caribe for our honey moon. We read a lot of reviews, and honestly I was a little nervous. Here's the deal-We got the cheapest room in the Royal Service. We were supposed to get an automatic upgrade (if available) for our honeymoon. We got it the second day there, after complaing to Funjet. MAKE SURE YOUR AGENT MARKS HONEYMOON IN THE COMPUTER! Otherwise, all went well. The food was good. Not outstanding, but definetly nothing to complain about. My fav was the Japanese Restaurant. The only bad thing about having 13 restaurants is that you can't try them all! I have a feeling our trip might not have gone so well had we not had the Royal Service. I heard people complain about quite a few things, but we never really had any major problems, and those that we did were rectified almost immediately. The resort is huge! Really! I don't think I really believed everyone else when I read other reviews. Part of the Royal Service however is shuttles to wherever you want to go, all you have to do is call them. We found it faster to walk to the VIP lounge and then catch a ride. One thing- the rooms are the farthes from the beach! You are closer to all the restaurants, lobby, pool, etc. But the beach is a good 10-15 minute walk. We walked a few times, caught a ride a lot more! Really not as bad as everyone says. This really is a family resort- there were a ton of kids! Another thing to mention- they had top shelf liquor (in the Royal Service areas) We were really surprised by the selection- they had just about everything. Just don't expect a Bud- the carry only Presidente Beer.(which really is pretty good!) The only time we left the resort was for the ATV tour- which I really recommend. Most fun we've had on vacation! All in all- we had a great time! Definetly recommend the resort (with Royal Service). Great place for family vacations, maybe not the best for honeymoon, but we liked it. There were no singles there, not much of a nightlife. There is a casino (watch out- slightly different rules than at home- and a whole lot of people that don't know what they are doing!) And there nightly shows were great! Hope this helps somebody! ","annotations":[]}