{"text":"Fabulous Budget hotel I booked a total of 5 rooms for our eclectic group coming into town for the Folsom Street Fair for 4 nights. We were a mixed group of couples and singles, all in our 40's - 50's. I booked this hotel due to the close proximity of the street fair and the reasonable rates. I had originally booked 1 family room, 2 doubles, a king and a queen room, but upon arrival the lovely day Manager Amy had upgraded 1 of our double rooms, and the queen room to 2 family rooms ( They are a bit bigger ) . I had called a few weeks prior and requested to be put on a waiting list for additional family rooms and this was taken care of for me. The rooms were spotless and well laid out. Granted there is no air conditioning but the cool September nights made the rooms comfortable for sleeping. Paying for parking was no big deal at $15 a night. Coming from NYC we are used to paying much more. The location of the hotel is perfect for sightseeing around the city, whether driving or taking public transportation. The hotel has a newly renovated resturaunt and bar. Our group took over the bar on a few nights and the bartender Paul was wonderful. The resturaunt was ok for breakfast, a little pricey but the food was fresh and hot. The hotel pool was maintained well and several of our group made us of it. All our rooms were on the 3rd floor overlooking the courtyard and we never had any problems with noise as suggested in some other reviews. The hotel that weekend was booked solid with the Folsom Fair crowd ( look it up ) and the ADA convention, certainly an interesting mix of travelors, but everyone was respectful and pleasant. We also had absolutely no problems with  street people as suggested in other reviews. No different than any other city. And certainly no dangers. The hotel staff went the extra mile for us , from housekeeping to management. A big shout out to Amy for her infecticous smile and the  bubbly and to Iian, the night Mgr for his pleasant and wonderful ways, and to all the housekeepers that took such good care of our rooms . Tipping your housekeeper is something every travelor should do. Just lets them know how grateful we are. This was by far the best 2 star budget hotel any of us had ever stayed in. It was clean and well lit. The staff was wonderful. The hotel had everything we needed and hoped for. If you are looking for a 4 star hotel, then I suggest you book that $400 a night room somewhere else. We will stay here again for all our SF travel. ","annotations":[]}