{"text":"A great and relaxing vacation... I read many of the reviews here prior to traveling so I will just try to cover the basics that I learned on my trip. I (age 25) traveled for 5 nights with my mom and sister (23) for a girls vacation. As everyone will tell you the grounds and beach are beautiful. The sand is soft and I really like that there is a lot of shaded huts along the beach in order to take small breaks from the sun. I have medium to fair skin and I applied 30 on my face and shoulders and 15 sunblock on the rest and I did not burn. Prior to traveling, I recommend that you e-mail Iberostar directly (go to their website to find e-mail address) a week before your trip and request a renovated room, on the 2nd floor, near the beach. That is what I did and that is what I received when I checked in. I found the room to be clean. The bathroom was big with a tub and separate shower with glass doors so the bathroom does not get soaked. I brought a candle cause I have read about the musty smell, but I didn't need. I heard the first floor rooms tend to have more issues with bugs and smell so we were glad to be on the 2nd floor. I brought some dryer sheets to pack on the way home and my clothes smelled fresh upon arrival in the states. Our room was always clean and stocked with water. For 3 people in the room, we tipped $4 a day. We always brushed our with bottled bottle. We did drink the water in the dining room and no one got sick. As for the food, the buffet is average but I always found something to eat. The restaurants are great. All have A\/C except steakhouse. I recommend Cajun and Gourmet. During our 5 day stay we only ate the buffet on the first evening. After 3pm you can go to the front desk and book any remaining time slots. The premade drinks at the bar are never frozen. In order to get a frozen drink order something that has to be made in the blender. I didn't realize this until the last day! The airport has an air-conditioned section. It's on the second part of the wing. You have to go up a ramp and around a corner and down some stairs. It was a hidden gem cause its not crowded on that side and its cool!!! If you have to wait 3 hours for your flight, like we did, I highly recommend finding a seat in the newer section of the airport. Also, if you book your package with APPLE you must pay the $10 per person fee to enter the country. However, Apple pays the $20 exit fee. Luckily, I had read this ahead of time. BEWARE! They will try to charge you at the airport. It took 3 airport agents to figure out we had already paid this fee. Finally, as for deciding which Iberostar hotel to stay at on the property, I was pleased that we went with the Bavaro. I had the hardest time deciding before I booked my trip. Essentially, the Bavaro side is less crowded as the other 2 hotels can not use the amenities at the Bavaro. I definitely liked both our beach and pool better. Also, at the Bavaro you can eat at all of the restaurants. The other 2 hotels are limited in their choices. And I like the suite style of the room. Anyway, if you are about to travel there - ENJOY - it is one of the most relaxing places on earth. Nothing better than sitting on the beach all day with a drink in hand and a good book! ","annotations":[]}