{"text":"Relaxing Vacation in the Sun We are a couple in our mid 30's and we stayed at Natura Park in February 2008. If you are expecting to be waited on hand and foot, then this is not the place for you, but if you are just looking for a place to chill out and relax, you'll have a great time. The resort is beautiful. The beach is large, and although it was crowded we never had trouble finding beach chairs when we wanted them. I only went in the pool once as it was a bit cold. The ocean was nice though!We were initially assigned a room with double beds but we asked to be switched to a room with a king bed and they switched us a day later. Our maid did a great job keeping our room clean and she left lots of towels and facecloths. There are quite a few TV channels, including many English language ones. Our room had a small balcony. Many of the items in the minibar come at a steep price; we avoided those but when we checked out they still tried to charge us for something we didn't drink. The desk clerk resolved the problem quickly though.The buffet is fine - there is lots of variety and although the buffet closes for a couple hours between meals, there are snacks available all day at the beach. The buffet offers omlettes and smoothies at breakfast, custom pasta dishes at lunch, and lots of salads and healthy choices. There are several bars, with good drinks, both alcoholic and nonalcoholic. We sometimes had to wait a few minutes for drinks at the bar but generally the servers were friendly and we noticed that they seemed to work very long hours. We didn't enjoy the food at the specialty restaurants (we thought the buffet was better), although they are worth it for the ambiance.The evening entertainment is average, but the performers are enthusiastic and most of the people seemed to enjoy it. We took one trip off the resort (the half day Outback Safari) but we didn't enjoy it as much as we thought we would. A lot of the time was taken up driving around to other resorts picking up the other passengers; the actual tour portion of the day was quite short. I had a massage at the resort's spa but I wouldn't recommend it.We went to a travel clinic before our trip and got the anti-malarial medication and immunizations we needed. We avoided tap water and we had no health problems at all. There were a few mosquitos; we used repellant in the evening and weren't bothered by them.All in all, we had a great week. We didn't pay a lot for our vacation and we think we got good value. If you are looking to be pampered you should probably go elsewhere but if you just want to put your feet up on a beach for a few days, this resort is great. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1269,"mention":"pasta","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pasta"],"startOffset":1264},{"endOffset":1305,"mention":"salads","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Salad"],"startOffset":1299}]}