{"text":"A good value hotel. My girlfriend and I booked this hotel because we had read the reviews on this site, and it was only going for about $60 for the poolside room. My first impression was that this hotel is a little old. Check in was smooth, and the bellboy brought our luggages to the elevator. He pressed the down button on the elevator which I thought was strange, but then took us up to the third floor. I later found out that the up button didn't work, but thats no big problem.. all you have to do is just press the down button and select your floor. At any rate, the rooms were decent. The size was a bit bigger than an average hotel room, and it was clean.We were starving when we arrived so we ordered some room service, and the room service is decent priced. We got some spaghetti for less than $10, and it was really good spaghetti I gotta say.Although most people are not gonna care, I at least loved the submerged pool bar. You can order a cocktail and get a carved out fruit with the drink inside the fruit and sit inside the pool while you drink it. I thought that was great, and found that this definitely beats having to get out of the pool to get a drink at a table (but thats just me). The pool usually has very few people in it, so even though it's small, its adequate.The breakfast buffet is not the best food. Its a bit worse than average for hotel food.The hotel is quite big so to walk from one end to the other can be a few minutes, but we found that you can just cut through the middle through the pool area, and get to your room quicker rather than walking all the way around the hotel past every hotel room.All in all, I'd recommend this hotel if you didn't want to spend so much money, but didn't want to be in a tacky hotel. If you're looking for an AMAZING hotel, this place isn't for you, but if you're looking for the bang for the buck... I'd definitely recommend this place. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":789,"mention":"spaghetti","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Spaghetti"],"startOffset":780}]}