{"text":"The Kahala - Perfection by the ocean Having read the negative reports on this hotel I wonder if the writers actually have any experience in fine hotels. I returned to the Kahala for the first time since it was the Kahala Hilton and am at a complete loss to understand the negativity expressed. From the initial contact with the reservation department until my check out at the end of my stay the experience was exactly the way I anticipated and expected it to be - that is as close to perfection as it is possible to get.My plane arrived at 10:30pm meaning a very late arrival at the property, the perfect excuse for even the best hotels to explain why the room you had booked was no longer available. Not so at the Kahala, to make sure my room was exactly as I had requested I had been checked in early thus eliminating any possibility that an error could occur. My greeting at the front desk was warm and genuine, indeed it appeared just by arriving I had made the young ladies day complete. The gentleman who escorted me to my room immediately confirmed to me that I had made the right decision in returning. My room (Ocean View with balcony) was clean, comfortable and well equipped with far more 'things' than I needed or used. Housekeeping was extremely polite and always efficient, nothing was missed and the twice a day service insured I was never in need of anything.Room service, prompt, food hot, perfectly prepared and presented and served with a genuinely pleasant and warm attitude. Plumeria food - excellent, service - warm greeting at the door and caring waiters and waitresses made each meal an extremely pleasant experience. Led by a perfect gentleman Won Bae, who deserves a special mention for his insistance that he should take pictures (which he kindly e mailed to me when I returned home). Afternoon tea served as it should be, in a leisurely manner by extremely kind and pleasant young ladies.Any conversation with any employee, and any request was handled as if it was the most important thing that had happened that day. From the moment I was greeted at the front of the property until the moment I was escorted to my car to depart for the airport I could not have been treated with more warmth and respect than I received on a daily basis. I am thankful that so many fine people have been gathered under one roof to provide the high levels of service that I experienced.The location of course is beautiful and anyone considering visiting Oahu should have no illusions, the Kahala is as beautiful and welcoming as she ever was as the Kahal Hilton. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1826,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":1823},{"endOffset":1826,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":1823}]}