{"text":"Excellence Stay and Staff Excellence Punta Cana thanks for providing the atmosphere for such a beautiful honeymoon. The hotel lobby, pool, beach, rooms, staff and restaurants were totally impressive. My wife and I have experienced cruises and other resorts, but Excellence Punta Cana is the best. We had more fun than we could have imagined. It was like being a child again. We went bike riding, participated in activities such as volleyball, water polo, karokee, dancing, ping pong, pool and etc. I sang for the first time in Punta Cana and was referred to as the SINGER from the staff until I won the Micheal Jackson contest. That was so much FUN!!!!!! The young man that took us on the bike tour also offered to teach us tennis. The staff at the resort is terrific: Flordaliza (Concierge) - Very professional and beautiful person that assisted with our horseback riding, spa and restaurant needs. Beautiful smile and made sure all of our needs were met. Thanks Flordaliza!!Luciano - The greatest! Luciano welcomed us to the resort as if it was his home and we were his guests. He remembered us by our names from the first day and really made our stay very personal. He is the perfect person for entertainment at the resort. Luicano has so much energy and is fun to be around. His Spanish and English are superb. Thanks Luciano!!!Fransico - The Spanish lessons given by Fransico was absolutely wonderful. It actually felt as if we were in a class room environment. He went beyond what was expected and really interested in us learning the material. I haven't utilized Spanish since high school and we stayed beyond the time alloted to learn it. My wife and I will continue utilizing the Spanish lessons learned from Fransico. Thanks Fransico and Excellence for providing this course\/class!!!Trey - Great personality and fun person to be around. Thanks for asking me to participate in the Karokee and other activities. Trey is probably the best chess player on the island. So if anyone on the island is seeking a great chess competition, contact Trey.Louis - Great and another fun person to be around. After eating all of the terrific food on the island, thanks for assisting with burning the calories. The dancing lessons and volleyball games were very fun. I didn't realize how out of shape we were. Thanks for all of the exercises.Inez - Beautiful and also fun person to be around. Thanks for asking my wife and I to participate in the couple activity. We had a blast!!!!!!Mariel - The Goddess of the Gods. The most beautiful and gorgeous person on the island. I would visit the island just to see her do that dance with the staff (I wouldn't let my wife know that). Thanks for everything! The dance on the beach, pulling me on stage to dance like Micheal Jackson (only Mareil could have pulled that one off). How can one say no to such an attractive beautiful young lady as Mariel. Also the jazz on the island is terrific!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Horace ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1951,"mention":"chess","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chess_pie"],"startOffset":1946},{"endOffset":2025,"mention":"chess","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chess_pie"],"startOffset":2020}]}