{"text":"very sad - managemnt gave up a long time ago I will not say that it is the worst hotel in Waikiki. After all we didn't have problems like cockroaches in the room. I will not even complain that it is old. Many hotels in Waikiki are old - meaning the structures themselves - but when properly maintained it does not necessarily matter. Here's the deal with this hotel: it is not well-maintained and it is dirty and dreary and very neglected. I have no grudge against the place but nonetheless I have to say do not believe what you see on the web site. Here's a good example of what I mean about management having given up. According to the web site as of today:The Cascada Bar is currently Under Construction. Please check back to find out when the renovations will be complete and the bar is open. It has said that for YEARS. That's right - since three years ago at least (and the Cascada Bar remains untouched). I've kept an eye on this hotel for quite some time. That example pretty much sums up the whole package. The Royal Garden functions (and I suppose that the staff does its best with what is has) but it is obvious that no energy, time, or money goes into improvements or even to living up to what it promises on the web site. Honestly you cannot help but think words like dreary and sad. It's not even the kind of place at which you feel comfortable to walk around without shoes in your own room. That would be fine IF both the rates were lower and it didn't make itself sound like an upscale hotel with great amenities on its web site. Look at the photo of 'pool\/sauna'. The photograph does not make the pool area look very appealing but it's as if they didn't even make an effort. See the van parked behind the pool? Obviously they just don't care. The location is great and - like I said - for the right rate it would be okay BUT all things considered it is absolutely not good value for money. Some of the Ohana hotels are far superior (and they don't pretend to be something that they are not) for the same money. I mention that only because I've read too many reviews on this site in which people say there are much better options and they always leave me thinking okay ... but what ARE those better options?.The only way that the place will sit up and take notice of its many many shortcomings is if people stop wasting their good money there. I hope that that happens because the hotel is really a disgrace (and what a shame considering the great location). ","annotations":[]}