{"text":"From an english point of view My husband and myself stayed at dreams for two weeks . Our plane had been delayed so we were very tired when we arrived. The journey to the hotel was fine the rain filled the potholes if you also were on that coach you will know what i mean.  As it was too late for a sit down meal we ordered room service, it was total rubbish i even took a picture for facebook so my friends can have a laugh. We ate at the Seafood and the French Restaurants both were fantastic. Food very good. At the buffet we always found something good to eat. I really loved the breakfasts fresh juices and fruit lovely low fat yogurt. As i am a healthy eater i was very pleased that people ike myself were catered for. The gym is well maintained and the instructor very helpful.The running track is about one mile round the hotel even my hubby enjoyed being dragged round in the mornings. I did not enjoy the beach not their fault the sea was rough but should have been more warning on the website about the strong under currant. The pool was lovely and first time i have ever enjoyed lying on a float great fun. Unfortunately our first experience or one of the bars by the pool was marred by very loud people playing drinking games. Each to their own i guess but it was not pleasant. We did find it very amusing that some people would tip barmen just so they would be greeted by name and given extra measures. Again each to their own but amusing. I guess in the uk we are more tolerent of other nations and i was very upset by a comment by some americans who remarked they would not go in the same pool as used by some charming Germans. How stupid is that. There were some young english lads whose language was not acceptable for anyones ears let alone young children, that was a big shame. Every one is entitled to a good holiday thats face it we work hard then go away to have a good time but i would just like to remind people who travel in groups remember you are not the only people there. I will return to a Dreams resort and take our grandkids as i feel they are very well catered and cared for there, but i will not return to the Punta Cana one as i would not feel happy with them playing with any safety in the sea ","annotations":[{"endOffset":638,"mention":"yogurt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Yogurt"],"startOffset":632}]}