{"text":"Great Vacation Stayed in the Ocean Sand\/Blue resort in early June 08. Over all a great experience. Food was good, having several restaurants to choose from was good as you can get a little sick of the buffet, although some of the food was quite similar between restaurants (Caribbean Grill at the beech was our favourite).Rooms were clean and modern, mini-bar was restocked every day but only the soft-drinks, the two beers that were there on arrival were only replaced once. All of the buildings had either fountains or a garden in the courtyard. For those who complain of the transport around the resort being poor, the place is about a 1km long in total, hardly a marathon to get to dinner. Noise was a bit of a problem but i think we were in a younger block than most.Beech was beautiful, probably the nicer than most of the neighbouring resorts, although watch out for the barman at the beech bar, if he offers you some sort of shot with a big smile on his face, safest thing is to say no! After two of them i spent the rest of the afternoon sleeping it off! There was one or two dogs on the beech some days, but nothing like the packs referred to in some of the other reviews and they generally stayed away (unless you were crazy enough to call them over).Some water sports were included but they were managed by a different company down at the beech who did their best to be as rude as possible to guests, but the sailing and snorkeling were still fun.We stayed clear of the pools after the first day, mostly because it was cooler on the beech but also because the combination of kids and drunks can make it pretty noisy.Entertainment was mixed, the shows were pretty hammy but families seemed to enjoy them. Night club had all ages in it on the only night we ventured in and the lobby bar is always pretty lively but if you don't speak Spanish you can feel a little isolated.Essentially if you're looking for a relaxing break to sit out by a beautiful beech and have a meal and a few drinks in the evening then this place is perfect. Although definitely not a 5 star, its probably around 4 star standard. I'd imagine it's good for families too as there were lots of kids around. For older couples it may be a bit noisy though, but what else can you expect when there's free alcohol to be had 24\/7? ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1726,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1722}]}