{"text":"Can't Imagine a Better Place! I just returned tonight from staying at the El Conquistador with my husband and my two daughters for four nights and five days. I must say that I was very apprehensive to even keep the reservations after reading many negative reviews about this hotel...but I am so glad we went! Every inch of our vacation there went smoothly! I booked the Coqui Water Park Package that included transfers back and forth to the hotel, breakfast each morning and the water park. It was truly the best thing I could have ever done. Once we arrived off the air plane, there was a person there waiting from the hotel and directed us where to go for the shuttle. The shuttle offered cold drinks, air conditioning and was very comfortable. We waited just 20 minutes and then we were on our way. It was an hour drive from the airport, but we liked that we were further away from the very tourist areas. Once we arrived, someone was there to greet us and explained where to go with check and in how our baggage would be handled. Check in was a breeze and the representative at the desk was more than friendly. We were then explained briefly what section our room was and what the best ways were to get there from certain areas. We stayed in the Las Brisas section and found it to be right in the middle of everything. It was just a short walk to the funicular and it was just a short walk to the main building. In other reviews I had read about nightmare stories of the funicular taking so long. Each time we took the funicular it was no longer than a two minute wait. Once down in the marina you could take the ferry to Palamino Island which is just a wonderful way to spend the day. The Coqui Water park is just so much fun for all ages. We were there during the week so we almost felt like we had the park to ourselves (the weekends seemed much more crowded). Back at the main building the pools were all just so nice and are open 24 hours.. The property is beautifully maintained and again, all the staff was more than accomodating.We did rent a car from Enterprise which is on site at the hotel. Because our package included the shuttle back and forth from the airport we only needed to rent for the days in between. This was also good because Enterprise allows you to park in their lot, therefore, saving you the parking cost of the hotel. Renting a car allowed us to save money on guided tours such as Old San Juan and The Rainforest. The hotel gives very good directions to both places and it is very easy to drive. Both are must sees in Puerto Rico!Going in August, we knew it would be hot, but honestly, there seems always to be a bit of a breeze going. We thought the weather was just perfect. The rooms at the hotel were very clean and modern with more than enough space. Needless to say, this hotel must have the best views in all of Puerto Rico.Now for the restaurants. Yes, they are outrageously priced. But one of our dinners was in Old San Juan and the price was just as comparable as eating at the hotel. I think the hotel has many choices. For a lighter fare and a lighter budget...try Ballyhoo's at the Marina or Cafe Bella Vista.In short...this is a resort not to be missed! ","annotations":[]}