{"text":"Good but not great Being from another Caribbean state, I was a bit apprehensive about what this resort could offer someone who is all too familiar with sun, sea and sand. Also, I was traveling solo. I was certainly impressed with how well the rooms and the grounds were kept. The resort transportation trams were reliable ...a requirement when you are in a beach-front villa and the buffet restaurant, nightly entertainment, spa and shops are 25-30 minutes away when walking briskly. All the rooms are the same-Junior Suites and are a decent size. I booked the Golden Principe Club plan and it was worth the small extra costs for the private checking in and out, the room service (for the really lazy day), internet access and a larger number of a la carte dining (4 for a 5-day stay.) The buffet Restaurant had sufficient choices, especially for those who don't gorge themselves on EVERY dish at EVERY meal setting.The staff was helpful, some more than others. Although I made arrangement from early morning with the bellman to collect my luggage on my departure day, I waited for more than a 1 hour after the agreed pick-up time. I kept calling up until my actual departure time and he failed to show up. Thanks to one of the grounds staff, who saw me struggling with my luggage and decided to help, I was only 15 minutes late for my check-in at the airport.While the language (it is a Spanish speaking country) posed some difficulty at times, I thought that that was my problem; not their. They certainly knew more English than I knew Spanish!I was elated that there was a spa but wasn't impressed with the limited offerings there, although treatments were not that expensive compared with other resort spas I have visited. Additionally, there were not sufficient excursion choices for me although those who are enamored by the sea would love what was available. I thought there would be more sightseeing-When I visit a country, I like to know that I have visited a country, not just a resort. I asked about it and my tour operator basically said there was none. Not sure this was actually a fact. All in all I enjoyed the room, the food choicesand the cleanliness of the hotel. The staff was pleasant, especially in the buffet restaurants. The grounds were well kept and there is a definite attempt to please. I am still not sure this resort measures up to many other 5-star properties I have stayed at but it was value for money. I would visit this resort again but this time with a group a friends. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":581,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":577}]}