{"text":"Quiet Oasis in the middle of Madrid for quick recovery from jetlag! I am only writing this so that those of us spend our hard-earned money to travel half way around the world for a vacation or have to do so for business could have complete quiet at night so as to be able to recover quickly from jetlag after a couple solid nights' sleep. As I am always uncertain about how quiet a hotel really is (it's relative what constitutes quiet for a 19 year-old who parties until 5AM then passes out anywhere as opposed to a 39-year-old), I wanted to reassure you fellow globetrotters, this gem is truly very quiet.:)The room: beautiful wood floors were squeaky clean, bed comfy with cozy down comforters, modern, clean bathroom and shower w\/ great pressure, Ikea furnishings complete the room w\/ clean lines while providing ample storage.The fridge is stocked w\/ quite a good selection of complimentary (you read it right - free! - this hotel is probably the only one of its kind left any where in the world...sad) beverages is heaven for the tired traveler no matter what time of day you get there. For the vacationer, it saves quite a bit of $, esp. considering how the US$ to Euro is so pitiful thanks to our weakened economy brought on by greed and poor ruling). Just carry a bottle or two each day before you head out. The hotel is central enough that you can return to your room mid-day for a quick break and to pick up more if it's warm out. And unlike what previous reviewers alleged, the hotel replenishes each and every bottle that you consumed the previous day up to the number of bottles that were in there to start with. And be a decent human being and buy more with your own money if you drank every bottle in the fridge after it's been restocked but before it's to be replaced the next day for gosh sake....The staff, while professionally courteous, are not the BB type to bend over backwards to help you. So it's good to have your head screwed on and know what you're doing, where you're going, and know how to get there.I hope that despite all the positive reviews, this hotel's owners will remain decent members of society and keep the hotel's rates reasonable for a long, long time. ","annotations":[]}