{"text":"A Gem My two children and I stayed at the Chancellor for four nights this month during a two week road trip from South Carolina to San Francisco. I had read the reviews and chose the Chancellor because of location primarily. We were checking in after three nights in the Bellagio in Las Vegas so I wasn't sure about how the kids would react after all of the flash and grandiosity of the previous hotel but they loved the Chancellor as did I for several reasons. First, of course location, location, location. So close to great eats (Sears was awesome for dinner and breakfast), great shopping, parking (reasonable), drug stores, transportation whether you want a quick ride to the Wharf on the F line or a thrilling ride on the cable car. It was warm in SF when we were there but we opened the windows and everything was fine with very little noise. Because the hotel is small and we saw the same employees (who would quickly recognize us) over and over again, the children were able to be a little more autonomous than usual so they were allowed to go downstairs alone to get the complimentary popcorn, apples, and cookies. My son used the ethernet connections in the lounge with me in the evenings and everyone was so friendly to him. My debit card was lost at one point and I called the front desk to ask about the location of a Wachovia bank in SF. They called around and found one that was open that day, a Saturday, called the bank to confirm the hours, mapquested the directions, highlighted the route and sent me on my happy way. I think that the age and size of the hotel give it a unique and friendly feeling that really makes you feel a part of SF. My 10 year old daughter took the yellow duck she was given at the Chancellor into every hotel pool we visited on our way home. I watched as it floated around as she was playing and on several occasions adults picked it up and read the inscription on it and asked my daughter about it and that began a lengthy and colorful conversation about her awesome trip to SF and her stay at the Chancellor. Thanks Wes. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1123,"mention":"cookies","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cookie"],"startOffset":1116}]}