{"text":"Going Back to the Bahia Principe My wife and I just returned from the Bahia Principe (April 1-6) and loved it! I was a little nervous due to some of the bad reviews, but after an hour or so, I knew we booked the right place. Just remember, all reviews are relevant to how a particular person(s) experiences this place - our experience was excellent! The grounds, pools, beach, service, and DR people are the best we have experienced and will be going back next year. I will try to summarize:Beach - Clean, big, and fresh.Hotel - Clean, big, and well-maintained.Pools - Perfect.Food - Buffet (Ok), Al a Cartes (Better). Suggest Japanese, Mexican, and The Grille.People - Friendly and genuinely want to serve you! Golden Service - Recommend it despite reviews that say you shouldn't get it - trust me, you may not notice it but you are treated better. (ie. we stopped by the Mexican restaurant for dessert because my wife loved the rice pudding without reservations and were served - no problem). Service - Excellent and even better if you tip the wait staff (ie. waitresses, bartenders, and maids).Grounds - Second to none.Entertainment: Didn't participate in much, spent most of the time in the lobby bar and the beach. Participated in snorkling and parisailing - go for it!Ground Transportation: Quick and efficient.Overall, we really enjoyed our time at the Bahia Principe. Americans are the minority here so get use to it. You really aren't going to find American food so get over it - they are trying to serve some 3,000+ pallets per meal. Learn three words in Spanish and you can make it through the day: Hola, gracias, buenos dias\/noches. The Canadians and Europeans rule this place - but we found most to be very friendly. The French, well....they pretty much keep to themselves.Do bring\/use: (1) insulated mugs, (2) U.S. dollars, (3) Sunscreen, (4) Tobacco products if used, (5) Dress slacks for men in the evenings - women can wear what they want, (6) in-room safe for valuables. (7) Golden Package with room in building #2 adjacent to the beach, main pool, and buffets.I would recommend this hotel and resort to my friends and will certainly return in the future.JMS - Columbus, Ohio ","annotations":[{"endOffset":942,"mention":"rice pudding","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rice_pudding"],"startOffset":930}]}