{"text":"Perfect in every way! We did not have one complaint. The resort was beautiful, the rooms were imaculate, the food was great, the people were friendly and the atmosphere was great for all age groups. We have been to the RIU Tequila and the Viva Wyndham in Play Del Carmen, and this was even better than those. The area is beautiful, the main difference is that you spend all of your time on the resort with exception to excursions. We were never bored, in fact by not having a clock or anywhere to be our week felt twice as long! All day in the sun drinking wears you out! They have a bar right on the beach and the draft beer was quite good. Kids: this is a great place for families. We don't have kids but we noticed how much fun all the kids seemed to have in the kids club and thier parents loved how wiped out they were by the end of the day.Bugs: I read about mosquitoes and brought bug spray- and I never saw one mosquito!Tipping: Take 100 one dollar bills- tipping is so important. Not only will you get better service, its the responsible thing to do. These all-inclusives are a deal because they pay workers so little. They work 12 days in a row with 3 days off, working 12 hours a day. The maids make $200 a month and the gardners and such get $10 a day! Your tips feed thier families. Illness: Also- it was my first trip that I did not get really sick on. I didn't eat any raw veggies. Basically if you can't boil it, heat or peel it, I don't eat it. Plus I took a pro-biotic at every meal, I got them at Rite-Aid. Weather: Beautiful! Everyday on our 10 day forecast showed a rain cloud. Most of the rain was about 15 minutes long and then it would be beautiful out again. We had one day where it rained for 1 1\/2 hours so we took a nap! Its very breezy by the water so laying out was great!Saona Island: We did this excursion on our last full day. It was so much fun. The bus ride is long and bumpy and I was a bit motion sick but it was worth it. (2 hours) The ride takes you through towns, ranches and sugar plantations. I loved it, you see how they live outside of the resort area. Then its a 1 1\/2 hour ride on a cataraman. They get you tipsy and they try to get you to dance. It was great. The island is beautiful, the water was like bath water. You eat, drink and swim and then go back on a speed boat and stop in another area to find giant star fish.I would highly recommend this trip, we loved it! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":775,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":771}]}