{"text":"A Wonderful Holiday! I have just come back from two weeks in the LTI with my boyfriend. From day one, we both had a wonderful holiday and have some amazing memories! Flight and Check-inThe flight was fine, we did pay extra for leg room...well worth it! Check in was quick and easy, the staff were friendly enough. We emailed the hotel before we left and requested a room in building 5 as it is on the beach which they then gave us. People are onhand to help with luggage,etc.RoomThe room was lovely, air-conditioning was working fine and the pillows are NOT that bad! We did take one of our own from home in case! The maids came every day and left us cokes, sprites and water in the mini-bar. On our first day a couple of bulbs and the hairdryer were not working and so we reported this to reception before dinner and by the time we returned it had all been fixed! We had no trouble with mosquitos although we did purchase plenty of repellant before going (50% deet essential)BeachThe beach was stunning! White sand, clear, warm water..Great for snorkelling! You can make use of lots of the different water sports and the beach was very clean. FoodBreakfast was fine and the lunch time grill was fab! Evening meals were ok, you could always frind something to eat although we recommend the stir-fry! There are plenty of waiters to bring you drinks, etc...just smile and be polite! We didn't feel we had to tip but now and again we did because they worked so hard.EntertainmentThe animation team work very hard, and theres a fun mini disco for kids and the entertainment for adults is pretty good. ExcursionsWe went on some great excursions while on holiday. We recommend Sayona Island (stunning), swimming with sharks and stingrays (exciting!) and Bavaro Splash where you get to snorkel with amazing fish and drive your own speed boat. All the trips were worth the money and they weren't too expensive.Overall, I would recommend this hotel and hope other people's bad experiences don't put you off! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1010,"mention":"White","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1005}]}