{"text":"Very disappointed with room and bed Although we agree that this is a very well located hotel, with clean rooms and free laundry service, my wife and I were very disappointed with our stay. In our opinion it is very overrated and what we got was not what we expected based on the information on the site. We booked this hotel for 4 nights because of the reviews, hoping for something special and what we encountered was not at all what we expected. We booked the double deluxe room based on the image on the website - only to be told when we arrived that not all the deluxe rooms have a veranda, they are only deluxe because of size. The onwer couldn`t move us to one with a veranda, and admitted that the image on the website had led to this sort of problem before, and said he was going to change it.. One month later, the image remains the same.We were also diappointed with the bed. From the images, the other rooms clearly have two singles made up together, but the deluxe one looks like a double bed - but our room had 2 single beds made up separately and pushed togerther. Not what you expect at 160 euros a night! We think that the veranda and bed issue should have been clarified with us in the email communications before we finalised the booking. We certainly would not have booked the deluxe room if we had known. Lesson learnt: confirm every detail before finalising a booking - don't rely on the information\/images on the website.One other thing, both my wife and I found the beds terrible for our backs - we both found them uncomfortable and left us with back pains in the morning. As soon as we went on to the next city and different accomodation these back problems went away.Apart from the very friendly girl who gave us a lot of information when we arrived , it was not easy to get advice about museums, trips etc, as reception was always empty and you had to speak to the owner on the telephone - but he seemed a little impatient and we found we got better help from the internet. It was useful having access to a computer on the internet, and also one other good thing was that local calls from thehotel room were free.We returned to Amsterdam a week later for 2 nights before flying back to Brazil and this time stayed 2 nights in Hotel Ibis and a much cheaper rate, and had a lovely double bed, which was good for our backs, and we wished we had stayed the other nights there. The tram service is very good for getting to the museums etc. We will not be staying in Hotel Fita again when we return to Amsterdam - and return we will, because it is a beautiful city. ","annotations":[]}