{"text":"Loved it! I stayed at this resort the week of February 16th to the 23rd. I had read some reviews on the site, and was a little hesitant, but my worries were calmed as soon as we saw the beautiful resort. This place is unbelievable. The grounds are so well maintained, the beaches are cleaned every morning, and you don't even have to worry about stepping on seaweed. It truly was paradise. Upon arrival, we were served ice cold champagne in the Royal Service lounge, which was wonderful after the hot bus ride to the resort. We were told that only one of our rooms was ready early and that the second one would not be ready until 3 pm, which was check in time. It ended up being ready around 4 30. Waking up the third day, our air conditioner was leaking, and there was a huge puddle across our floor. We called down to the front desk, and they sent someone up within the next hour to take a look at it. We were informed that the problem was worse than they had originally thought, and we could move rooms if we wanted, which we did.The staff was extraordinarily nice. Everyone was smiling constantly. I would 100% recommend the Royal Service, you're treated so much better when you have it. Also, if you tip well, and frequently, the service will be MUCH better.The service at the bars is excellent, however, service in the restaurants is definately lacking. The first night we went to the Italian restaurant, which took almost 2.5 hours to finally complete our meal. Unacceptable when all we ordered was an entree, no appetizers. The steakhouse was a little better, the French restaurant being the best of all of them. Apparently its pretty tough to get a reservation there, so make sure you book as soon as you get to the resort, ITS WORTH IT!!! The filet is one of the best I have EVER had, and the service was very good.The drinks would be better if they were made with fresh fruit, instead of slushee machine slush, however they were decent.The beds on the beach were amazing, but ignore the rules and reserve one early in the morning, or you'll never get one.Overall, it was an amazing experience, despite the few problems we had, which were resolved fairly quickly.I would recommend this resort to anyone!!Enjoy! ","annotations":[]}