{"text":"Great Hotel - easy to find Sorry if this is a long one but I am a true believer in sharing everything I know so here goes. We got a good deal on Last Minute to this hotel with flights from Liverpool for 3 nights for under √ä√£¬¢400. Myself  my husband went for an anniversary break and left our little one at home with Nana. As a previous review said, this hotel is not in the tourist area, it is very much amongst where the locals live but don't let this put you off there is nothing to worry about. The only time I felt a little uncomfortable was when we cut down one of the side streets off the Ramblas to get back early one evening, but think it was just me being nervy my husband said he felt fine. I had read alot about bags being snatched and wallets\/purses being stolen and you do have to be aware especially in the tourist areas, it is just common sense but we did not see anything while we were there. There is not alot of choice of proper restaurants in the area (mostly locals cafes and small bars) so you really need to walk down to the Ramblas\/Port, which on a easy stroll is about 20 mins walk. The hotel was extremely clean and the air conditioning was suberb we really needed it, it was so hot. The bathroom was spacious with lovely big towels. We had a room at the back of the hotel so although we had a view of the flats next door, it was quiet enough to have a good nights sleep and that was more important to us. The safe was great it was FREE and easy to use. I was very surprised at how easy we found the hotel. I read a few reviews on this and other sites (mainly about the hotel) which told you how to get there. We got the Aerobus from right outside the Airport (they are every 8 mins so you never have to wait long) and it was 3.75 euros each. The first stop is Playa Espana and if you get off here you cross the road in front of the twin towers and you are on PARALLEL, it is about a 10 min walk down here and the hotel is on the right. We arrived about 1pm and they let us have our room straight away, the staff were lovely. There is a cash machine just outside the hotel (turn right out of hotel and it is on the right) so we got our money from there we didn't bother with money exchange places. There is enough room in your minibar to put your own water and cans etc.. if you come out of the hotel and turn right after about 5 mins walk there is a supermarket on the right called Condis but just to let you know that is has funny opening times but great for bits and bobs. And there is a lovely little bakery that sells croissants on the same side just before it. We got a 2 day ticket for the Bus Turistic (some reviews said it was an expensive way of getting around) we just wanted to be taken to the main attractions so for √à√\u2020√ü?2 each for 2 days we though it was worth it. We saw the usual things, but I thought the Sagrada Famillia was disappointing. It is about √à√\u2020√ü? each but it is just a building site inside. You can however go up in the lift more or less to the top but I couldn't face it so my husband went up on his own. He got some great pictures but if you are not into art \/ museums and haven't got a great deal of time you can probably give it a miss. Oh the other thing I forgot to mention is that when you buy your tickets on the hop on hop off bus you get a book of vouchers that gives you some sort of discount on every place you visit as well as many eating places. A must not miss - is the fountains at Playa Espanya but note that they are only on Thurs - Sun at various times from 9pm - Midnight. There are fab and the atmosphere is lovely. The fountains dance to music and lights. On our last night we went to a lovely restaurant on the Ramblas called The Attic mainly fish but the food was lovely and not as expensive as we thought √à√\u2020√ü?6 for 3 courses with wine, water and coffees. Hope all this has been helpful?Have a great time and enjoy!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2561,"mention":"croissants","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Croissant"],"startOffset":2551}]}