{"text":"Super!! My husband and I just returned from our 20th anniversary stay at the Excellence resort October 18 - 25, 2008. We've been to a few places and generally like to try a different location\/resort every time but this is the first time we have sworn to go back. I want to touch on a few points that other people don't seem to mention too much about. We booked through travelocity which I would not do again. I originally booked at Dreams resort and then decided to switch within a day or two after reading some reviews and realizing that there would be a fair amount of children there. They were not flexible (even though I had trip insurance) and charged me a HUGE fee to change. Our transportation was through Prieto tours to and from the hotel and I would definitely recommend them. Yes!...the roads are bumpy and its a long ride and the traffic is straight out of the Romancing the Stone. However, the buses were full size buses and well air conditioned. I didn't feel it was nearly as bad as I had read in reviews....if you do want to comment on that, I would suggest pressuring the hotels because as I understand it, they are responsible for the roads that come directly to the resort area and you will notice the roads closest to the airport (federally funded I believe) are no worse than any other carribean country.We stayed in your standard garden variety room (no pun intended) and were told it would overlook the mountains, garden or pool....we had a beautiful pool view and while it's a large resort we found the grounds pretty easy to get around. There are many restaurants and bars and thus many dining choices. We thought all of the restaurants were absolutely great. We had favorite meals but never one that was bad. Even the cook outs on the beach were great. The resort is large but is arranged along a large span of beach rather than having a small beach and the resort go deep back in so that guests have a long way to walk to the beach. We really liked this and appreciated easy access to a large beach with soft clean sand. The resort was very clean and we noticed that the staff was always working on cleaning bottoms of chairs, plants, corners, you name it. Our tile flooring was mopped everyday and we requested new sheets a few times because we dragged sand into our bed on our feet. We had two or three nights where our room was decked out in towel animals and rose petals. Overall, I thought the Dominican people were nicer and harder working than anywhere we have been. The staff was so helpful and happy. The level of poverty that you witness outside the resort is pretty dramatic. You never feel pressured to tip but you will want to. For fun we did the zipline adventure....very worth it. The rest of the time we indulged in resort activities. We took advantage of the free horse back riding (they say one ride is included but we did it 3 days and were not charged). We did yoga classes and a free water therapy in the spa....lots to do even if you don't want to spend more money on massages, etc. If you do want that, it's not cheap but they have daily specials. We never had difficulty finding chairs and ideal spots by the pool or beach. No resort ever has enough floating mats to make everyone happy but we did not have problems finding them or finding a person who would let us take theirs and we are not folks who get to the pool much before noon. The gym and exercise class room are fabulous....clean, good smelling, luxurious, etc. Don't miss those. All in all, an excellent value and the most romantic place I've ever visited. ","annotations":[]}