{"text":"We loved it and we'll be back! We stayed at the Casablanca for 2 nights in October and we loved it. We will definitely return on our next trip to NYC.Our room was modern, spotless and very comfortable. We loved the location which is just steps from Time Square. The breakfast was very nice and we really enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evenings. They had an excellent selection of wine and different cheeses and crackers.The staff went above and beyond when we had them hold luggage for us during the day when we were going to move to another hotel (booked before we found the Casablanca). I had gone shopping at BH Photo and bought a very expensive tripod which they held with our luggage for the day. When we returned to the Casablanca at the end of the day to get our luggage and move to the other hotel they hailed a cab and helped load the luggage into the cab. Upon arrival at the other hotel I couldn't find my tripod. I was in a panic and called Casablanca. They couldn't find it there and generously offered to replace it because they were worried that they accidentally gave it to another guest. The hotel staff and management were ABSOLUTELY AMAZING with their willingness to send an employee the next day to BH and buy another tripod and have their employee meet us at Grand Central Terminal where we were meeting a Pro Photographer for a day of photography around NYC. The next morning when we ventured out of our BB there was a note from the cabbie that said Did you lose Gitzo (the brand name of the tripod) the note said it was turned into the 17th precinct. We went to the police station and got the tripod back and immediately called Casablanca to tell them not to buy another one. We were thrilled, Casablanca was thrilled (Tripod cost was $600) and our opinion of New Yorkers (Casablanca staff and management and our cab driver) was really good. It's a great story and people are surprised at the hotel and the cab driver saying that just doesn't happen in New York :-) But it did!So THANK YOU to the wonderful, caring folks at Casablanca you have a great hotel and 5 star employees and management. ","annotations":[]}