{"text":"Didn't Live up to our Expectations from a Marriott Hotel We just returned from a two-week European vacation which included stays at other Marriott properties in Athens and Brussels. Our three-night stay in Amsterdam was during the first week of August, 2008The Amsterdam Marriott has an excellent location. As others have said, it is steps away from the tram stop at Leidseplein, one of the central areas of Amsterdam. It is literally two blocks from major attractions such as Vondel Park, Rijks Museum, the Van Gogh Museum and Hard Rock Cafe. The Leidseplein area will provide you with everything you need including outdoor cafes and restaurants, entertainment, shops and stores. From Centraal Station, it is extremely easy to find. Simply, get on the 1,2 or 5 tram and it is about a 10 min ride. If you will be utilizing public transportation for several days, consider buying a Strippen Card from a tobacco shop for 6,90 euros. It will provide you approximately 7 trips on trams or busses. Ordinarily, one ride will cost around 1,30 euro each, so the Strippen Card is a very cost effective way to get around the city. If you have trouble navigating the public transportation or anything in Amsterdam, about 95% of Dutch people speak on average four languages, so you shouldn't have any trouble getting around,Regarding the hotel, I must say first, I am an Elite member of the Marriott Rewards program, and for the past three years have averaged over 100 nights per year at Marriotts. Nothing to be proud of, it simply means I have to travel quite a bit fout of town for my job. However, I remain loyal to the Marriott properties when I travel and have come to expect a certain level of predictibility from the hotel chain. We also utilized award points for these overnight stays, which should not - and did not influence the level of service we received at the Amsterdam Marriott.Check in was smooth and easy, and we were welcomed in the usual way. When we arrived to our room, we found it spacious by European standards, with average sized bathroom and normal ammenities. Yes, the beds are extremely comfortable after a long day of walking and touring.However, I found that the cleanliness of the room was definitely not up to Marriotts standards as the first thing we noticed was residue on the toilet from the previous guest(s). From days on, our room was not cleaned to anyones level of satisfaction. Used glassware was not removed. Glasses were not replaced from our minibar, even a complimentary bathrobe was not refolded and left over the back of a chair. For a full service Marriott, I have never stayed in one that did not provide a complementary telephone call from Guest Services to see if everything was in order, or the lack of turn-down service in the evening.As a Marriott Elite Member, I am offered, and appreciate the complimentary access to the Executive Lounge. While it is an advantage to utilize the breakfast services and evening snacks, we found the lounge had very poor management as there were many underage youngsters utilizing the services sometimes up to midnight - long after the lounge service was closed - to utilize the free internet terminals. While the kids were supposed to be under the guidance of their parents at all times, many parents simply gave them the access cards and left them unsupervised. On several occasions, during normal hours, we wanted to look up tourist activities for the day and had to wait in line for children to complete their activities on Facebook or other internet sites. In short, we found the Executive Lounge very poorly managed.To conclude, you will find the location of this Marriott very convenient. The ammenities are what you should come to expect from the Marriott brand of hotels. However, we found the level of cleanliness from the housekeeping staff, Executive Lounge management and general level of feeling welcomed at this Marriott was sorely lacking. With a modification in the General Management of this Marriott property and their better customer service training, I feel certain your stay will be more special than ours. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":537,"mention":"Rock","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rock_candy"],"startOffset":533}]}