{"text":"Awsome! Vacationers From Grand Falls NB Canada Left from Moncton, NB Canada airport on March 5th and returned March 12th 2007. We booked with a local agency in Grand Falls and by the way it's worth every penny! We had the all inclusive Golden Club with Air Transat. First thing we really enjoyed was the resort representative did our motel booking on the bus, so when we arrived to the resort and we were taken directly to our rooms. The resort is BIG but you have to put in mind that there isn't perfect but they do their BEST! We were in building 20 second floor, ocean view, one of the buildings closes to the ocean. We had access to pool very close by, restaurants...In our deal we had access to 4 a la carte diners. We enjoyed the Japanese, the food was superb. The only little thing we all aggreed on is the we felt a little rush. We didn't have time to really appreciate the well prepared foods we were served. If you go to this resort I highly recommend that you go to this restaurant. The other we really enjoyed was the Italian. Food was excellent and service great! I think even if we wouldn't of been able to go to these a la carte diners that the BUFFETS were always done with great care and the choice of foods was overwelming and very good! The room was always well kept and excellent service. We had a broken remote controle and in no time they brought us another one. We got a big basket of fruits, next day a bag with a bottle of rum, 2 T-shirts and chocolats and we had little flower arrangements every day. We always had enough wash cloths, beach towels and room always very clean. My husband enjoyed the cigars there! It's true they have very good cigars and beautiful hand made jewellery with the Larimar precious stone mined directly from the Dominican Republic. One day our cigar lighter was going on the blink and we didn't know where to buy lighter fluid. We met the Cigar Shop owner and he was kind enough to fill our lighter and didn't even want to get paid! He didn't have to do that but he did, and we saw that he was friendly, honest and for him he wanted to make certain that we were pleased and we wanted to return to this resort. We also had a chance to witness a few weddings. A couple on the beach and one in the Chapel. I'm certain that the people who got married there had their DREAM WEDDINGS! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS RESORT!!! You won't be disapointed. I know if I ever get the chance to return I would certainly return there! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":247,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":243}]}