{"text":"It was OK, not worth the price We just returned from staying at the El Conquistador, from 4\/23\/08-4\/28\/08. There were 11 of us, celebrating my in-laws' 50th wedding anniversary. Ages ranged from 4 - 78 years old. While our stay was enjoyable, we would not stay there again. The rooms were expensive, the food prices were OUTRAGEOUS, as was the price of other items (I ran out of sunscreen, went to buy 2 small bottles, but the total was $32, so I left them there). We were prepared for the prices, but for that kind of money, the hotel and the service should be impeccable. They were not. We chose rooms in the Marina area, so we could be close to the water park and the boat to Palomino Island. The location was convenient, and the kids had a great time at the water park. However, the rooms look much more luxurious in the photographs. I was not impressed when we saw them in person. Out of our 3 rooms, 2 of the balconies were so small, that you barely had room for your feet once you sat in your chair! Travelling on the funicular to reach the main portion of the hotel did get a little old after a while, but it was made worse by the fact that one or the other cars on the funicular was not operational about 25% of the time. We also found Palomino Island to be a great disappointment. The beach area was not what we expected, and once you go in the water, the sand mostly disappears and you have very rough and sharp coral under your feet. We needed to buy water shoes, at $20 a pair. And the staff on the island mostly had the attitude that we were bothering them, from the woman selling the water shoes, to the 3 guys renting the jet skis.The restaurant staff proved to be the biggest disappointment of all. With sky-high prices, these people should be giving service to match. Not happening. From the bar  grill at the marina to Otello's Italian Restaurant, to Blossoms Teppanyaki restaurant, we had one disappointment\/aggravation after another. From having to ask repeatedly for things like drinks for the kids (which sometimes never came at all) to waiting over an hour after being seated in Blossoms before the chef showed up, to the maitre d' in Otello's actualy being rude to my teenage daughter when she asked a question about a menu special he mentioned, I've had better service at McDonald's. Don't get me wrong - the trip was not all bad. The rooms were nice, the food in general was good, and we had a great time. But we have travelled all over the world, and felt that this place definitely did not meet our expectations, or its price level. ","annotations":[]}