{"text":"somewhat disappointed we arrived in bali full of excitement. then we checked-in to our hotel. well, actually we tried to check in, but there was a delay. no problem. it happens. so the front desk told us we would be getting an upgrade to a suite. read: SWEET. so, we waited around for FOUR hours. as the hours drifted on, boredom quickly took over our initial excitement. at two hours i went up to the desk. no room not ready, we'll tell you. then by the third hour, the emotion of being upset had to be surpressed. my daughter got stung by a bee in the lobby area while we waited. no one offered help. if my daughter had had an allergic reaction, i don't even want to think about that. no hotel employee gave us a second glance. Twice we asked for basic water and it never came. nothing was offered to us; no one even looked in our direction, even though there were five or six various hotel employees standing around. then, after the four hours, i go to the front desk and they tell us they are now giving us a different room. the room was similar to the original room we had booked, except it was on level 2 instead of the requested level 1 (we have a 2.5 y-o so balconies are not a good idea). the front desk told us this room was better than the suite they had promised. only when we got to the room itself did we know they had blatantly lied to our faces. then, they gave us a baby crib, which of course is good if you have A BABY. the bed was smaller than expected. then the toilet didn't work - so we had to go to the first floor area to use the toilet for the first two days (half our stay). they sorta fixed the toilet, but it continued to leak during our stay ruining a pair of my wife's pants. two lights were out. the ac unit had minimal effect (way undersized for the room). so basically, we waited and waited - were promised one thing (they even issued our 'hotel passport' with the suite room number on it) - then we were ignored (not even bringing water to us) and then the ole switcharoo complete with bold face lie about it being a better room! if by 'better' they meant 'terrible' then i guess that was true.there were other things, but i don't want to go on and on. it would be easy to brush this off as a one time event. but, i saw several things that lead me to believe that the property just doesn't get it. so, if you have lots of extra money (we don't) and you don't mind throwing it out the window. and you are willing to overlook poor service and people who will say whatever to get your compliance... then this place may be for you. it certainly is a nice looking property. so if you just want the surface beauty, and you are willing to not be concerned if things aren't quite right... then this place is for you.there was one woman in the restaurant area named dwi who was very nice. she was the best thing about the whole place. very sincere. but she was clearly out of place to the rest of the place. where the smiles were largely skin deep. i do suggest that if they offer you an upgrade and they issue you a 'passport' with the room number = go and camp out at the room and tell them you will just go in when the cleaning is done. that way they can't stirng you along and switch it around.... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2584,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2580}]}