{"text":"Depends on What Yoou Want We were assigned this facility as a time-share exchange ( a topic for another review). The hotel (NOT a resort) was tired. It may have been very nice 15 yrs ago, but it is way past its prime. We had ants in our rooms, housekeeping and the manager were called, and they gave a can of bug spray. The ants became a part of our vacation-they stayed with us for the whole week. The lanai was nice. The airconditioning was nonexistant. The furniture was old, but functional. The minfridge did not keep anything cold (but it did help keeping the ants out of our food). The grounds were ok. Long hike from the parking lot to our buildiing. The location is---far from everything. No restaurants other than fast food drive ins within 50 minute drive ( except for one little diner named Hanneras-not bad, and inexpensive). The onsite restaurant is ok-expensive, not great. The concierge is actually an agent of a tour company-she would not give us any recommendations for anything other than the products and tours she sold. The front desk was friendly, but didn't help solve any problems. My final; bill had a $65 miscellaneous charge on it, that no one could explain-it was taken off, but check your bills carefully. Pool was wonderful..noisey. We had no trouble with the neighborhood beaches. We just left our car windows open, car unlocked, and nothing in it. Nice surf shop at the intersection of the Farrington Highway and the Makaha Valley Road. Friendly and helpful. A main water pipe broke one night. We were without water for 12 hrs, including sinks, toilets, ice machine, and air conditioning. To compensate, they gave us coupons for $10 for breakfast, where the cheapest item was continental buffet at $10.95. All in all, a very non-memorable hotel, in an inaccesible location. If you want to get away from everything, in a basic environment, this is your place. If you want to see Oahu like the brochures, expect to do a lot of driving. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1383,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1379}]}