{"text":"Perfect place for the extended family After reading the other reviews for the Club Med, Punta Cana, I question if I stayed at the same resort! We had a completely positive experience and were there the busiest week of the year -- the post-Christmas week which runs through New Years Day. We were an extended family of ten, ranging from age 75 to age 5, and a fabulous time was had by all. Yes, there are 1600 people there and yes, there is NO REASON to frequent this resort unless you have children. However, appreciate the fact that you are in a foreign country. Yes, there will be employees and guests who do not speak English. This is a fabulous opportunity for you and your children to learn a few words of Spanish and French. At least one quarter of the guests are from English speaking countries (we asked at the front desk) and all of the G.O.s (counselors) speak at least English and French. I did not find the language barrier to be a problem! If anything, it was FUN to be surrounded by people who came from different backgrounds. At the Spa, which is quite beautiful, I had a delightful massage by a woman who only spoke Spanish. We had no problems understanding each other by using basic hand signals and the very few words of Spanish that I know. My eight year old son enjoyed every minute of his trip and readily made friends with children from all over. Most guests are French, but the children and their bilingual G.O.'s appeared to learn from each other without any misunderstandings. I will say that my eighteen year-old daughter found that the French teenagers do keep to themselves and did not volunteer any English. However, she agrees that it makes for more of a vacation to be surrounded by people of different backgrounds. If everyone spoke English, we might as well be in Florida!POSITIVES: 10 minute ride from the airport;incredible water activities (windsurfing, kayaks, sailing, swimming, perfect weather and sea temperatures);unique land activities (beautifully run camps for kids of all ages, including circus-like activities, like a trapeze); plentiful and yummy food; friendly and helpful staff; fun shows at night which spotlight the kids; VERY comfortable beds!. NOTE: The Camps are structured so kids can come and go. Some attended for as little as one hour a day. Others chose to be there for the whole day. Lots of flexibility.NEGATIVES: Slow check-in; rooms are not spotless; some litter; snorkeling is poor due to surf; not enough beach chairs; not enough treadmills; SLOW check-in at Punta Cana airport. Allow two hours and bring a pen to fill out forms! There are smokers, but there was PLENTY of non-smoking seating in the restaurant and the quiet beach, near the kayaks and snorkelling rentals, was less crowded and generally smoke-free. We did not experience ANY bugs, sickness from the food, or rude staff as other reviewers have implied.The negatives are a pain for parents -- but the kids won't notice. Your children will have an incredible time! There were many, many families there with multi-generations -- grandparents, children and grandchildren. I can not think of any other place I would go that caters so beautifully to the needs of such diverse ages. If you are thinking of taking an extended family trip -- this is THE place to go. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":82,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":78}]}