{"text":"exceeded our expectations We booked our trip thru our travel agent with Apple Vacations andhad no problems what so ever.Flew out of BWI on Apple airline usa3000, took 3 1\/2 hours as promised both arriving and departing. Apple reps met us aftergoing thru customs in big air conditioned bus. Roads are a bitbumpy. Very desolate\/poor countryside not much to look at,Hotel was gorgeous. My husband has a back problem and theyimmediately said they were moving us from a 2nd floor room to a1st floor. Staff was very accomadating, On 2nd day we asked forand received at no charge a wheel chair for my husband.The rooms were very clean with king size bed and sofa, Mini barwas restocked every 2 days but leave a note with a $1.00 bill andyou could have pretty much anything you wanted, Some of thecleaning staff speak very little english, so a few spanish wordscome in handy.I cannot say enough about the entertainment staff who try veryhard to make sure you have a good time. Try the water aerobics, it is really fun and helpful with all the food and drink you will consume..One of our tour guides told us that some of the staff only make$250.00 a month so a $1.00 tip a day means a lot. We did findthat they work 11 days straight and are off for three. Most liveat the resort and work 3 hour shifts then their off for 2 then work3 more hours. They work 11 hour days. so remember to tipwhen you can.The bartenders will remember what you drink and keep them coming after a day or two. We also tipped them daily.The food at the main buffet was always good and we never\\had trouble finding something to eat and my husband is a pickyeater. We also made reservations at the specialty restaurants.Japanese was greatSteak house was also goodMeditteranean was very good but nothing at all to eat butseafood. Try the pickled Octopus pretty tasty,My only complaint was the humidity. I think I'll go back in Februarybut not again in June.All in All it was a wonderful week that we will always rememberthanks to Apple Vacations and Iberorstar Bavaero ","annotations":[]}