{"text":"Very Bad Experience I really don't like to give a bad review but this was a horrible experience. I am Turkish and I travel for business very often, which is to say that I stay in a lot of hotels, so I have an expectation for what a hotel experience should be. I booked a regular room, when I got there it didn't look anything like the pictures. It was disgusting, full of dirty, broken furniture and had moths flying in it. They subsequently moved my room, however, it was also subpar. The pictures on their proprietary website, expedia.com, and hotels.com do not reflect the actual rooms in the hotel. Also, this is the first time that the property did not reflect the various reviews I read on trip advisor. The same time I was there I met another guest at breakfast who experienced the same time of treatment where they tried to give them a disgusting room, and then they had to demand to be moved to a better one. The staff was mediocre. Of note there is an older conceirge who works almost everynight. He is very rude, unhelpful, and offensive - He alone would prevent me from returning to the hotel. One night I wanted to go to an area of Paris I have not frequented and he couldn't even reccomend a resturant. This hotel Napolean needs to be aware of the importance of the person standing behind the front counter. I have stayed in many Paris hotels and this man was a disgrace. The day time conceigere is better, and there is a female assistant manager who works daytime who is nice. Also of note, is how the staff rips off guests through taxi's. For example when I called a taxi from the hotel it would always arrive with at least 8 euro on the meter, when I would refuse to pay such a high start they would insist that it was normal and that I was forced to take the taxi and would be very pushy and rude. I spoke with many taxi drivers that I took leaving other locations, as well as the Paris police and they informed me that this was NOT normal, and also unacceptable. The other taxi drivers informed that the possible reason that they do this is becuase the hotel conceirge gets a kickback from the taxi.The hotel internet service triple charged me almost everytime. It's totally inefficient. I am a world traveler, this was one of - if not the worst experience in a hotel in Paris. I got to france 2 times a year on business and I would never reccomend this hotel to anyone I work with for business or leisure. I am not looking to be pamperd but I am looking for the service and cleanliness to be reasonable. This was not.Good things about this hotel is that it is very close to Champs Elysses as well as the metro. If you're a tourist it is very close to the Arc de Trioump. Good Luck. ","annotations":[]}