{"text":"Interesting experience We came back from the CCP yesterday and it was an interesting experience. The hotel was nice because it was compact, no excessive travelling to get to the beach, restaurants, or hotel room which was nice because we were travelling with 2 toddlers. Our kids loved playing in the sand and loved the pool because you could walk into it from the shallow end, just like the ocean. The water was a bit rough though and it tended to scare the kids. I liked it because it was clear and there were no rocks around. The food was better than I expected. I read the reviews and I was a bit scared of the poor quality. However, I was traveling with about 9 other people and 6 of us became sick, including both kids. We were very careful about not drinking any water and about what we ate. My husband and I had been to Punta Cana twice before at a different resort and we had never gotten sick before. This was obviously a low point.As for the service, it really depended on who served us. The lady making reservations in buiding 1 was awful. She screwed up tiwice on the dates, even though I speak 3 different languages, I tried in all 3 to correct her the second time which took some doing to put the the right date on our reservations. The pregnant lady at the beach bar was an absolute sweatheart though, as she went out of her way to play with my son as I ate.One of my big beefs though was lack of availabiity of chairs at the beach, they were all gone by 8. We tried saving them but someone took our chairs and our towels. Towels were Ok to get as long as you got there by 10. One thing that was interesting was that there are about 14 Italians in their late teens\/early 20's that are paid to basically party it up with the Italian visitors there and they were pretty wild, everywhere from their drag outfits to the nurses uniforms to the human chain of 300 people they made on the beach. At times in the area in front of the 2 -3 buildings, I thought I was in Italy, especially hearingEros Ramazotti in the back.I don't think I would go back to this hotel though because we did get sick which puts a big damper on the trip. ","annotations":[]}