{"text":"questionable behavior I booked through Expedia the hotel and paid for a 4 star room.This because I wanted light from windows. From the photos on the web , I understood that 4 star rooms at least had quite much of light.We checked in and we found ourselves on 5th floor (lower level of roof) with a small window of 40*90 cm, very very dark but yes big though.I checked with the reception and they confirmed that this room (520) is a 4 star room. At the evening I want to ask again the reception because the room was so dark and with no fresh air (window could open by a small portion of 5 cm). I found another receptionist and I chhecked again. This guy told me that this is a 3 star room. When I told him that the receptionist in the morning told me that this is a 4 star room , as I had booked online, he said that he was mistaken and he didn't know the category of this room. I said that this is big problem, since it seemed to me that they cheated me (by accident or not).Next morning I ask for the manager to another receptionist, and she admits (receptionist) finally that the room is indeed a 3 star room and that a mistake was made. She offered to find an alternative room of 4 stars , we checked this, the new one was 4 star with light and fresh air. Finally we didn't move (we didn't want to loose time on moving things around) and the only thing I asked was to find a way to have a refund of the price difference between 3 star and 4 star rooms. Receptionist said that will do that (don't actually know what happened till now) and also they offered us 2 breakfasts and also a basket with fruits.The point from my experience is that I paid for something that was not delivered and they tried also to cheat me by telling lies.They preffered not to say that they had made a mistake in bookings and they tried to convienvce me that a 3 star room was a 4 star room. That's unacceptable and unprofessional bahavior , from my point of viewSo my only advise is to double check when you make a booking in this lovely, modern, young and charming hotel (in all other aspects) ","annotations":[]}