{"text":"SERVICE WAS ATROCIOUS As several travelers have already mentioned, we were extremely unpleased with the staff with the exception of one man, Gabriel Vaccaro. Particularly, there were two older men on the evening\/night staff that were just downright rude. Our father is diabetic and needs to store his insulin in a cool place. The rooms don't have refrigerators, which is fine, so we asked if we could use their kitchen refrigerator. Well you would've thought we were asking for all the gold in Fort Knox. Those two men were very lazy and didn't like to leave their chairs or talk to anyone, grunting at us whenever we'd ask for help. In fact, we went out late one night and came back to find one of them asleep at the desk. When we woke him to ask for the insulin, he was clearly irritated that we dared to wake him up. Our train was leaving early the morning we checked out and let the night guy know the night before to call a taxi and have it ready for us. No surprise, he hadn't done it so we nearly missed our train. Not only did he forget to do this one small thing, he was completely rude about finally getting to it.I would NOT recommend anyone stay here unless you don't plan to ever interact with the staff, which is impossible because you still have to check in and out, requiring some level of interaction. Breakfast was below average. The only two good things about Hotel River is the rooms were nice and the view of the river was gorgeous (hence they got 2 stars instead of just 1). There's a rooftop overlooking the river that is open to all guests, however, there are guest rooms beside them so you have to be courteous of when you go and how loud you plan to be.If your trip at all involves a stay in Rome, I highly recommend staying at Les Chambres D'Or Hotel. Delicious breakfast, best cappucino in Rome, wonderful location less than 10 minutes from the Vatican, and most importantly of all, their staff was impeccable. Hotel River needs to take a few lessons from them and I hope their management reads these reviews and does something about the staff. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1814,"mention":"cappucino","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cappuccino"],"startOffset":1805}]}