{"text":"Dont' expect much We stayed at the Front Maritim Hotel from July 18-22 2008.Positives: - The hotel is right across from the beach. Very esy access to the wonderful beach, where you will find a mix of tourists and locals.- The hotel is about 8-10 minutes from Selva Del Mar metro which takes you to the city centre ie La Rambla. Very clean and safe to take even at night.- There is a Bus Turistico stop right around the corner from the hotel which is very important as you can use this to go into town if you have your ticket. One day pass 20 euro, 2 day for 26 euro. Get the 2 day pass, you will get to see much of what barca offers.- Free internet at reception.- Free bottle of water and sparkling water on each flloor, but was full around 6 pm. Good luck getting any water in the morning.- Hotel is close to Diagonal Mar shopping centre with restaurants and ZaraNegatives- It costs about 26 euro from the airport to the hotel. But the A1 bus ( 4.05 euro per person) runs from Placa Catalunya to the airport. You have to take the metro the rest of the way for like 1.30 euro each. You can thank me later. Seriously.- Hotel reception staff are cool as ice. Reception? what reception? they dont receive you - they just kinda stand there. Not welcoming at all. And I am not picky at all. Not courteous. Seem to be bothered to be doing their jobs. smiles are free.- Hotel staff tried to sell us a discount booklet for 3 euro when we asked them about the tickets for the Bus Turistico. People, do not be fooled, these coupons are free when you buy your ticket on the bus. What a scam they tried to pull!! my wife sniffed them out. Next time, you tell them you know they are ripping u off!!- Hotel is out of the city Centre. We walked to La Rambla for fun but it takes over 1 hour. use the metro.- Room is VERY small. no joke. bathroom is not as impressive as people make it sound. Shower was going from hot to cold all the time. - No mini-fridge in the room. Good luck keeping your free water cold. or anything else really.- Breakfast was nice but costs 14 euro per person. no way senor! go to cafe firenze around the corner.All in all, you can stay there only for the beach but dont expect much. For anything else, go elsewhere. ","annotations":[]}