{"text":"Convenient, great staff With some forethought and a little luck, the Queen Anne can be a gem. We booked a one-bedroom suite and were given room 404. It really wasn't up to par, so we asked to be moved and were given 414, which was a gem. This room has a turret and has been recently refurbished with new windows, new furniture and bedding. The bathroom is spacious with room on the lavatory sink and tub to put your sundries. If we go back to San Francisco, we'd request room 414.Included in the price of the room are sherry and cookies in the late afternoon from 4-6 p.m. and a passable breakfast in the morning. The staff was amazingly helpful and kind. We were treated almost as family. Manager Michael arranged our room move with sensitivity and speed. People on the front desk were friendly and helpful. Concierege Roberto recommended great neighborhood restaurants in the Fillmore area and rescued an evening out. We had booked tickets for a performance in the Rrazz Room at the Nikko hotel online, but when we arrived they had no record of the booking. I had left the confirmation slip back at the hotel. With minutes to go before the performance, we called Roberto who raced to our room and found the slip. The Fillmore area is an eight or so block walk from the hotel, but the number 3 bus will take you there from right in front of the hotel in about five minutes. Fillmore is filled with little restaurants and shops, and not the standard stuff you see everywhere. We ate a lovely French meal at Chouquet and had OK Italian at Via Veneto. Reservations are a good idea because this is a happening area and the restaurants are small. Roberto will gladly make them for you.If you're over age 65, you can ride the Muni buses and streetcars (not the cable cars) for 50 cents by showing any kind of a proof-of-age ID. Frankly, most drivers never bothered to check when we asked for senior fares. Take the offered transfers. They are supposed to be good for 90 minutes, but, again, the drivers rarely checked.A block and a half from the hotel, you can catch several buses to Union Square and the financial district and the number 2 to the Ferry Building. From there, antique streetcars run along the Embarcadero to Fisherman's Wharf. A note of caution: the cars are jammed in the late afternoon with returning tourists, so you may not get on unless you go to the Wharf.We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles at Pier 41 on the Embarcadero for a ride across the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito for lunch and a ferry ride back. It makes for a great half-day experience, and we were blessed with incredible weather -- sunny and in the 70s. Memorable.All in all, our stay at the Queen Anne was lovely. Two fireplaces in the lobby made homecoming a joy. The rooms can be a mixed bag but some, like 414, are downright special. This hotel was built more than 100 years ago, which means some small compromises, but not many. Don't expect the spit and polish of a chain. The location is quiet and a bit away from things, but excellent public transit resolves that. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":536,"mention":"cookies","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cookie"],"startOffset":529}]}