{"text":"Great hotel - modern, safe, great location~ I just stayed here for over a week and found the hotel to be very clean, modern and safe. The location couldn't have been better. It's very central and just a block or so from Lorenzo market and the Duomo. The breakfast was very good. Among the 3 places I stayed in Italy, it was the best with excellent variety of hot and cold foods. They do try to charge extra for the fruit salad for some strange reason. Overall, the staff was friendly and helpful. The only reason why I give this place 4 instead of 5 stars was because a couple of the staff members were a bit unfriendly and abrasive. It probably won't be a problem for most, but I thought I'd share anyway.When I first arrived and went to bed, I noticed something small and black on the bedsheet so by reflex, I flicked it away. As I tried to sleep, I heard a scratching sound so I became worried it was a mouse (and perhaps that was a dropping). I asked the short Asian woman at the front desk to please change rooms but she seems unwilling and tried to tell me there were no rooms left (which was a lie since she did move me when I insisted). I went back up to move my stuff and the woman had followed me up. She burst in and started ripping up the sheets telling me abrasively that there is nothing on the sheet. She threw out a couple inconsistent excuses and pretty much called me a liar. The end was good though which is that I got a new room. The bad thing is that they charged me more for the room which no one told me until I realized the charge on the bill. This other light haired tall thin lady was also unfriendly to me. It might be personal because she was very friendly to my colleague. I wouldn't consider myself a difficult person at all and would only complain if there is something that made me very uncomfortable. But I think my reputation here was shot and this woman made sure to make me feel that way. She'd heartily greet my colleague when we walked in together and would outwardly ignore me.A good thing about the staff was that they recommended very good restaurants. They don't seem to be the type that recommend to get a kick back. Each place they recommended was fantastic. Aside from the 2 women I dealt with, everyone else was very helpful and friendly. Overall, I still think this place was a great place. I would stay here again and would recommend it. However, just put on thick skin if people there give you attitude. And if you change rooms, verify the price so there are no surprises. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":426,"mention":"fruit salad","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fruit_salad"],"startOffset":415}]}