{"text":"Nice but not good enough for the price We stayed at the Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua over Christmas 2008 and generally enjoyed our stay, although next time we visit Bali we'll look for somewhere else. There's plenty of choice in the area, with many hotels offering considerably better value for money.Probably the best aspects of this hotel are the gardens and the swimming pools. The extensive grounds are very well landscaped and maintained, and the pools are well designed and perfect for kids. Our two almost grew fins due to the amount of time they spent splashing around.Like the Balinese in general, most of the staff at the hotel are friendly, polite and helpful. The only problem we encountered was during check-in which took over an hour due to various debates and mix-ups. First the receptionist insisted that we had booked at a higher room rate, only conceeding after I showed him a copy of the confirmation email on my handheld computer. After that, he managed to find a room at the agreed price, although unfortunately it hadn't been made up and it was clear that the previous occupants had enjoyed a very good time! When we finally managed to get into the room, we had to wait a couple more hours for extra beds to arrive for our kids. This is not what you need after travelling for 25 hours, and it didn't get us off to a good start.Our room was adequate but certainly not 5-star. With our two kids sharing, there wasn't much space left and it definitely wasn't a place to kick back and relax. We used the room purely for sleeping and we could have rented a bigger, more comfortable room in a far cheaper hotel.Food and drink at this hotel was disappointing. The restaurants are mediocre and overpriced, and on the second day of our stay three of us came down with sickness and diarrhoea. At that stage we hadn't eaten anywhere else so we're certain it was caused by food poisoning from the Hyatt. After that, we ate at restaurants outside the hotel and didn't have any problems. Saved some money too!Bar prices are high, bordering on extortionate for this part of the world. A small glass of wine sets you back IDP 80,000 (about 5 quid) and by the end of a week you might be considering a second mortgage to pay the drinks bill. If you're cost-conscious, drink at one of the more reasonably priced hotels or bars just along the beach.The beach is fantastic although the hawkers are annoying. They trawl the strip constantly and they are relentless with their sales patter. I reckon there were about 10 of them on the Hyatt stretch, each passing by about 5 times during the course of the day. Saying no thanks, I really don't want to buy a kite\/watch\/seashell 50 times a day gets tedious after a while.Although in general we felt very safe in Bali, the Hyatt would be an obvious target for terrorists and we felt there were some gaps in their security. Scanners are used at the main entrance but perimeter control elsewhere is not that great. Most evenings we took a stroll along the beach from the back of the hotel, and a few times we were surprised that the security guards who were present during daytime were not at their posts. We could freely enter the hotel grounds (with rucksacks) without any checks or challenges, invalidating the security measures around the front. This needs fixing if they're serious about security.On balance, we enjoyed our time in Bali but wouldn't stay at this hotel again and wouldn't recommend it to friends. Next time we'll try one of the other luxury hotels in Nusa Dua. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":4,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":0}]}