{"text":"Overrated- not at all 5 Star Upon entering the Kartika Plaza, we were quite impressed. The hotel has great security, which made us feel safe. The lobby is gorgeous, and the gardens are nice enough.When we were shown to our room, we were quite disappointed.The room is very small by Bali standards. The furnishings were nice enough, but quite average. Annoying, was the fact that our Ocean Facing Room (which is more expensive than just a standard room), looked straight into the back of a frangipani tree. No Ocean in sight. (Not even a glimpse!)The bathroom was nicely fitted out, all marble. However, the shower constantly went hot\/cold\/hot\/cold. And also something quite dangerous, is that part of the shower, near where the taps are, gets BURNING hot when you have a shower. Not just a little hot, but scalding! I accidently touched it on my back, and ended up with a large red welt accross my back! I couldn't believe it!The soundproofing in the room is also quite bad- every time anyone of our neighbours ran the tap, had a shower, flushed the toilet... we could hear it as though it was in our room.However, I think the worst part was that there seemed to be mosquitos in the airconditioning system. We were very careful to never leave the doors open, yet our room was constantly full of mosquitos. (Always hovering around the aircon vent). We bought fly spray, and sprayed the room everytime we left- and whenever we came back, we counted literally DOZENS dead on the floor and on the bed.I do not recommend the food at the restaurants (except the buffet breakfast, which should be included in your room rate).The restaurants service quite average food, at extortionate prices! We tried a couple of the hotel restaurants, and were disappointed each time. As for the hotels good points:- VERY comfy bed!- Good buffet breakfast, with a great selection. Everything you could possibly imagine for breakfast was there.- Great location. Next door to the new Discovery Shopping Mall, and easy walking distance into the Kuta shopping areas, and Kuta Beach.- Nice pool area. Huge pool!In addition, the Kartika Plaza is quite expensive. It is one of the more expensive hotels in Bali, but DEFINATELY not one of the nicest.I would rate it on par with other 3 star properties I have stayed at. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2062,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2058}]}