{"text":"Enjoyed my short stay I stayed at the Luxer for one night (January 16th), on my way back from Prague to the United States. I have been to Amsterdam three times before (all in 2005) and love the city and new the area. It is blocks from Dam square and a five minute walk from Central Station. It is about a block away from the red-light district but not in the middle of it and not a bad location at all, I wouldn't want to stay in the middle of the red-light district. It is close to all kinds of restaurants and bars (and coffee shops of course if that's your thing... though it's not mine).The lady at the reception when I checked in was very friendly and check in was very quick. I learned, which I would have prefered to know ahead of time, that they charge 5 Euro more if paying by credit card, fortunately I had enough cash on me. This could be the fault of the site I booked with though, so I won't count it against the hotel. I do prefer to pay hotels wtih a card when possible in case of problems after I return home but do think 5 Euro is a bit much.I had requested a non-smoking single room not facing the street when I booked and got a smoking room with two twin beds which did not face the street. The smell of smoke wasn't that bad so I decided not to ask for a new room, plus I was only there for one night and I wasn't going to be back in the room until late after a night out so it wasn't a big deal. The room and the bathroom themselves were clean, except for the carpet which really needs to be replaced, it is stained probably from so much use. There were scuff marks on some of the walls so it could probably have used a paint job as well. Other than that the room was fine and most importantly like I said it was clean (except for the carpet). The beds were very comfortable and so were the pillows. The satellite TV did have a few English channels wihch was nice as my hotel in Prague did not. Again, I wasn't there to watch TV but it's nice to have a channel or two you understand when getting dressed, etc.I had heard about the bells from the old church in the area so I brought ear plugs and it wasn't an issue when I slept. Be sure to have them though because the bells do ring and might keep you up, of course by the time I got to bed I was exhausted anyway.Didn't have time for breakfast in the morning so can't comment on that. One thing that I didn't appreciate much was the cleaning lady in the morning coming around at 10:15 knockin on everyone's door who was checking out that day to let everyone know check out was at 11:00. I hadn't planned on waking up for another 15 minutes but oh well.Overall, though it was a short stay I would stay here again, but next time I would probably ask for a non-smoking room I had requested. It is a great location and the tram will get you anywhere not within walking distance that you want to go. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":528,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":522}]}