{"text":"A little slice of heaven! Paradise My boyfriend and I stayed at the Punta Cana Princess from March 6-13, 2008. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. The front desk staff were very helpful and the housekeepers kept our room amazingly clean, never a bug in sight. The beds were comfortable and the room was always nice and cool. The grounds of the hotel were always kept in beautiful condition.We had full access to the sister resorts next door and you could either walk or take a golf cart. Those resorts were beaituful too and we also had access to the casino which was quite fun too.The beach is breathtaking, absolutely spectacular. The ocean is so warm, we found it warmer than the pool. The weather was fantastic. I had checked the weather before we left Canada and was worried because it said partly couldy and showers everyday that we were supposed to be there. Well...partly cloudy meant the odd cloud here and there and rain showers lasted about 2 minutes and then the sun was out again. It was HOT HOT HOT. It was only about 31 celcius but felt like 40 when you were away from the beach and didn't get the lovely breeze off the ocean.The service on the beach is great too, especially if you tip the server a dollar or two! He kept our drinks topped up all day :)The food was ok, the buffet was good and the steakhouse was great. The seafood restaurant was alright, but was a little disappointed with the lobster.The animation staff was great, always trying to get you involved in their activities but didn't pressure you. If you said no, they moved on to the next guest.No children...ahhhh! Bliss! This is one of the best features of the resort!!!The excursions were fantastic. We went on the ATV tour and snorkeling tour. Both half day excursions and they were well worth the money. Especially the ATV tour.I highly recommend this resort for honeymoon or couples looking for a romantic getaway. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":14,"mention":"slice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sliced_bread"],"startOffset":9}]}