{"text":"Horrible  we won this stay through Ebay, two nights accomodation with breakfast each morning. First of all it took 3 attempts to book my stay through the call centre prior to our stay, they just could not get it right. The parking station is across the road in Wilsons carpark, so you have to cart your luggage across the road to the hotel. It costs $22-00 a night to park.Apon check in, the reception staff were very unfriendly and did not even bother to explain where we were supposed to go for breakfast in the morning, what the times were or any facilites of the hotel, such as the pool etc. The room is very small and we were on the main street, we could hear all of the traffic (beeping of horns) and every emergency vehicle sirens that went past ( which was constant). We had been placed in a smoking room, and we dont smoke, so the room stank of smoke, we noticed the windows open to get rid of the smoke smell. Our tiny T.V was broken, and we had to manually change channels, the room directory had been scribbled in by children and some information was impossible to read. The room is tiny and with a small double bed, the room has a funky feel to it with retro furnishings. The bathroom is tiny and the bath is even smaller still, dont expect to have a good soak in this bath as it wont happen. You get two small towels  thats it.The next morning we went down for breakfast and the girl could not find us on the breakfast list, so we had to wait whilst she called around to see if we had breakfast with our stay, after waiting we finally sat down to breakfast at 930am, without warning the staff began to unplug all of the equipment and pack up at 950am, taking the food away, a girl then said that breakfast was over. The breakfast was buffet style, the food was not too bad, with a small variety of cerals, eggs, bacon, coffee etc.We were supposed to get a newspaper delivered to our room each morning, that never happened. On the second day, we decided to have a lazy day in our room, at 230pm room service knocked on our room to make it up, then we were rewoken at 330pm by the mini bar girl to check the mini bar to see if we had used it, when we told her that we had not, she still had to enter our room to check the fridge regardless of what we said. On check out day, we had a late check out of 1pm, so we decided to have a sleep in, at 1030am we were woken by the banging on the door to make our room up. After check out the hotel gives you a ticket to exit Wilsons parking, our ticket did not work and we could not exit, so we rang the hotel from the carpark, and they rushed another ticket over to us, which of course did not work, the pay counter in the carpark was unattended, so the hotel staff had no idea how to get us out, we were stuck for an hour in our car, while the hotel rang another Wilsons carpark to get someone there to open the boom gates. We have since then written to the hotel, in regards to our stay and hence still no answer. This is just a glorified backpacker hostel with a little colour and nothing else! ","annotations":[]}