{"text":"good value hotel, but a 3-star rather than a 4-star in general Location wise, it's close to the metro, but it takes about 20 mins to or from the centre at least. Sometimes, we just didn't want to travel for this long because we were quite tired. If you want to get food quick, there's an underground supermarket just in the opposite side of the road in the residential estate, which is rather convenient. There is not anything else worth seeing around. They are mainly residential buildings and an open-spaced car park around the hotel.First impression of the hotel wasn't bad from the outside. Interior was not too bad for a cheap four-star hotel, but it was rather simple\/cheap and basic for a normal four-star. I'd say it is really a 3-star hotel. Our experience with the staff for the whole stay was good. The most disappointed thing about the hotel was the facility provided in the room. The mini-bar only had a mini-fridge and 2 glasses. There was no kettle at all. Even the 3-star hotels I stayed in before had kettles!! I asked for a kettle, but they didn't understand this, so I didn't bother asking for one at the end. My husband and I did not really like the hard and thin pillow they provided. We didn't get good sleep the first 2 nights because it was so hard and thin. I felt like I was just sleeping on a few stack-up towels!Seeing these 2 important aspects that were not good in providing a basic, enjoying stay, I feel the toiletries they provided were a bit excessive. A sponge for shinning shoes and one other thing that I couldn't even remember that I didn't even find them in other 4-star hotels. Another thing that we were not too bothered about, but it would be good to have was the telly. We had telly in the room, but it couldn't receive any channels. We bought an Internet access card for 45 mins usage for 8 Euro. The computer desk and chairs were rather simple. It was in a cornor in the lounge area on the ground floor and there was only 1 computer and a printer (for all the guests usage?) We tried to print something but the printer only rolled and didn't print. There was probably no ink...?At some point, I did feel this hotel was a practice hotel for Barcelona University hotel management graduates, where their campus was just located opposite to the hotel courtyard. Although the campus does have its own entrance on the opposite side of the block for students but because the courtyard are connecting the hotel lounge and the back of the campus, and the reception for the exhibition was in the hotel lounge, some visitors who were going to an exhibition in the campus did have to go through the lounge area in the hotel first.Generally, the hotel room space  interior were OK, not bad staff service, but some important in-room facility was not good. For the price we paid, it was fair - we stayed for 3 nights and our third night was free because of promotion. The price we paid were only for room though. They charged about 13 euro each for a buffet breakfast. I couldn't make any comments on their breakfast because we didn't want to pay that much for it.However, we would not come back and stay in this hotel if we visit Barcelona again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1495,"mention":"sponge","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sponge_cake"],"startOffset":1489},{"endOffset":1495,"mention":"sponge","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sponge_cake"],"startOffset":1489}]}