{"text":"Never, ever again. I stayed with my family at the Melia Tropical in the summer of 2003. It is no wonder that I still remember this horrifying trip, even three years after the fact.Upon check in, our room was not ready and we had to wait a few hours with nothing to do. We decided to go eat something and relax by the pool. Mistake! The Melia Tropical has NO air conditioning. It was 90+ degrees, with 100% humidity, I'm sure. When we got to the buffet, there was no lunch left and they were putting everything away. We managed to eat what was left in the trays from lunch.When we got into our room, the CEILING CAVED IN ON US. This is not a joke. The celing light was LEAKING water, evidently from the room above us, and in an instant, the light, a veritable waterfall, and bits of ceiling came crashing down on us. This is extremely dangerous. How water got in the ceiling light escapes\/baffles us still.We called the front desk and demanded another room. After getting the runaround, and a few hours later, they drove us to another room. We saw a snake on the pathway, at which point they called a worker who hacked it with a machete. Another horrible thing about this hotel is it's walkway and how everything is set up. Trolleys come to las paradas (the stops) every half hour (the sign says cada 15 minutos; every fifteen minutes.. this is a LIE.)The staff is LESS than helpful, hardly speak English, and aren't happy you chose to stay there.The next day at the buffet near the pool, I saw a huge waterbug on the floor, walking near my feet. I immediately walked out and needed to calm down a bit. When I got back to our room that night, I couldn't sleep and put on the television, which illuminated the room and sent a huge spider and about a dozen little ones SCATTERING across the wall behind the bedboard. I put down my hairbrush into the sink after a shower, came back an hour or two later, and saw a trail of ants heading right for it. Disgusting. The male hotel staff found it necessary to make catcalls at me while walking around in a bikini. I was 14. That made me extremely nervous and I felt violated at how they would stare. Do not go into town, because it's not safe and people will run up to you and bother you for your money.The food was horrible, the people were less than friendly, and there were disgusting bugs everywhere they shouldn't have been. I realize it is a tropical locale and bugs are expected, but that was just disgusting considering the amount of money we paid in relation to the horrible experience we had. Please, please, save your money and go somewhere else.The upside is that the scenery and beach are absolutely beautiful. ","annotations":[]}