{"text":"location above train station doesn't make up for horrible hotel Booked this room for a post cruise stay as our first choice was sold out and location above train station was attractive. The price was also reasonable in light of high Barcelona prices and we were traveling in a group so wanted to be conciencious of price for others(in hindsight, would have gladly paid the difference for all to stay elsewhere). Knew of the complaints about mold in showers andslightly outdated decor, but chose it anyway since have stayed at places that fit that description but were otherwise clean and comfortable.This place was not clean or comfortable.We had three rooms on the 2nd floor between 5 adults and a 2 year oldhild. Of the three, two had horrible mold in the showers. I was afraid to put my soap down to touch the mold. The third had no signs of mold...which could explain the discrepancies in reviews.First afternoon we arrived, the room was so cold I had to find an extra blanket. The next day and evening, our rooms were sweltering and none of us could get the a\/c to work, yet the hallways and the lobby were comfortable.The hotel may be soundproofed from the train station, but I could hear neighboring rooms slamming doors, getting ready in the bathroom,and loud stomping and drunk noisemaking in the middle of the night. The door to the room is hollow wood and so I could hear the late night drunks coming back to their rooms and thus did not get any sleep on our last night.The carpet was so filthy and worn that I did not walk barefoot to the bathroom. The bed linens were old and worn (thin) and very uncomfortable and should have been replaced a decade ago. The bed wasrock hard. When I pulled a clean towel down to use after showering, Iunfolded it and found a long hair.The room had wood that in several places was chipped and decaying.The front desk staff, while not rude, were not very helpful in navigating the city with the exception of calling a minivan cab for our trip to the airport.I have stayed in motels in the U.S. that were cleaner and more comfortable. This is a 1 star hotel at best and should be avoided if you can afford better. Seriously, pay more money and find a different hotel. We wish we had. ","annotations":[]}