{"text":"Not Majestic.........at all We went to the Majestic for my brothers wedding. Apart from the wedding the trip was a bust. 36 people went and more than half of us got sick and stayed sick the entire time (we named it DR butt). In fact, I have been home a week and my intestines are still cramping. Aside from the medicore food and the cheap liquor, we were ripped off by hotel staff members. Here's the scam. If you go to the tour desk before there are tour operators are there (before 9:00 am) a hotel staff member complete with (picture) ID, receipt book and guest list and uniform will approach you about an excursion and take your deposit, even tell you where to wait and give you a receipt. When you go to the tour desk to ask what's taking so long. You show your receipt, they tell you Majestic doesn't book excursions. Juan took our deposit for 6 people (one of them the groom). The hotel did not reimburse us, nor did they put us on another tour. In fact, I felt, put them blame on us. After hours of arguing, we asked that they call the police, they refused. When I asked them how to dial the police myself, they would not tell me either. I found out later it is 911 (just an fyi). Aside from that, if you bring your lap top, be advised that hotel staff can and will hack into it and view the information you are viewing too (as they did my nephew's banking info). Then there is the casino. You really need to know the game you are playing, how much you are betting and how much you would win. Casino dealers will pay you incorrectly, take your money when you win and then say, No comprende. We did get them to rewind the tape and pay us correctly, once. The Majestic really made an impression on us. Their refusal to help us (their guests, who brought 30 other people) leads us to believe these incidents are not isolated. They know it goes on and they do not care. If you go be very cautious. PS. You can jimmy the in room safes open very easily. Do not be lured into a false sense of security. ","annotations":[]}