{"text":"Hard to imagine a better hotel in Paris for the money! I spent months deciding on the best hotel for my honeymoon and first visit to Paris. I reserved other rooms, but still wasn't satisfied and kept looking, until I found Hotel des Grands Hommes. This hotel is everything I was looking for! It is located in the 5th Arrondisement, Latin Quarter, directly adjacent to the Pantheon. When you look down the street, you can see the Eiffel Tower in the distance. It is across from Luxembourg Gardens, which are a lovely place for a picnic. The RER stop from the airport is (Line B) is right there, so we didn' t need a cab. It's walking distance from the trendy Place St. Michael which is full of restraunts that are open late, and close to Notre Dame.This hotel is also in the low to moderate price range I was seeking, but without giving up the charm and comforts. I was worried a hotel like this didn't exist in Paris, but I finally found it and highly recommend it. The service was great. Our French is terrible, but everyone at the front desk spoke excellent English and was very friendly. They upgraded our room to a superior free of charge because it was our honeymoon. That was a great suprise! They also ordered our cab for transport to Orly airport to leave, since the RER doesn't go directly there, just to CDG.The room was so lovely and charming, just like in the pictures! It had an amazing view of the Pantheon through a big view window. The walls were covered in lovely wall paper and the high ceiling had exposed beams and crown moulding. The bed had drapery on the wall behind it, beautiful bedding, and was very comfortable with lots of pillows. Everything looked new and was spotlessly clean. The large bathroom had a bidet and towel warmer, and a fancy enclosed shower. The a\/c worked great, and I didn't hear anyone in neighboring rooms once.The breakfast was fine, but I recommend eating in one of the many local cafes or the craperie on that street. It's also fun to visit the nearby outdoor market Moufetard and take a picnic to Luxembourg. The breakfast room, like all the common areas in this hotel was nice.The only drawbacks to this hotel, and pretty much any hotel in Europe, was that the elevator was small and slow (but at least they had one). It also is a bit of a walk to the nearest metro stop, but it still only takes 10-15 minutes and we didn't mind at all, especially for the quality of the room. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1540,"mention":"crown","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Crown_Royal"],"startOffset":1535}]}