{"text":"Great Hotel, Stolen Camera This is a bitter sweet review...My husband and I visited Melia Caribe 3 weeks ago for our honeymoon. We were told that check in was at 3pm. We arrived at the beautiful hotel around 12:30ish and were let into our room. We purchased a safe upon check in. When we arrived in our room our safe was not opened for us to use and thus, set the 4 digit combination. We immediately called for help to open our safe. We planned on attending the Apple Vacations briefing at 5pm. About 3ish, after waiting over an hour for service for our safe, we left the hotel room to see the beach on our way to the briefing. Because our safe was not open we planned to take EVERYTHING of value. I took my $750 Nikon CoolPix camera (with wedding photos on) out of the bag and got it ready to take. We ended up getting about 50 ft outside our room when I realized I forgot it and left it sitting on the couch in the room. My husband said we would just grab it later as we were not planning on being gone long. We came back to the room later that night and went to bed. The next morning we went to get the camera and it was gone. GONE! We went to the front desk and security came to our room. We explained what happend and they told us they would take a security reading from the lock on the room door to see who went in and out of the room in the last 24 hours. Later that night after some investigation took place we met back up with the security man. He showed us the data from the door on who came and went and it showed that two people came and left that room while we were gone. They told us the asked them about the camera and they said no. I was thinking well no ****! Of course they aren't gonig to admit it! The security man kept trying to tell us that it never happens and sometimes when people are on vacation they lose stuff! Well we had been on the island less than 4 hours - we didn't go ANYWHERE! Where would we have lost it? I know it was on that couch and for him to try and persuade me different....?! They took our statement and nothing happend! We have heard nothing! Our camera was stolen - on the first day of our honeymoon! they are so poor in this country that they probably steal like on the 3rd day of your trip when you have been places and think you just lost the missing item when you went some place....Regardless, the hotel is amazing! The best on the island. We would stay there again! We would just stay as long as it takes for them to come open our darn safe! Words of advice TAKE ONE-TIME-USE cameras!!!!! ","annotations":[]}