{"text":"A Basic Old Hotel - Budget Hotel so don't expect anything! My parents and I stayed in the family room for 4 nights in June 07. Upon arrival we were asked to deposit $50 for 10 days which we weren't aware of (we booked throu Expedia.com.au and no such info was available). The room was small which we didnt mind. The floor boards throughout the room made noise everytime you walked. The bed cover was faded ad had many stains and a few holes. The beds are certainly not comfortable. One major issue we had was the Air Conditioning unit in the room was blowing cold air in the middle of the night. Breakfast is quite simple and not worth $10. One thing that we were quite annoyed about was the fact that the hotel is dirty by anyone's standard. The towels are well used and in need of replacement.In my opinion the hotel is not a 3 star hotel. The hotel has vending machines for alcohol, bevereges,snacks, toothbrushes, etc... so you cannot really say that this is a hotel, it had a hostel feel to it. I was aware that the hotel went through a soft refurbishing but I think soft refurbishing meant that they changed the carpet only. Location is not very good, it takes over 10 mins to walk to central station or the Town Hall station. The hotel is not too far to Darling Harbour which seems to be the only positive side of the hotel.Being on a main street, it is very noisy at nights, there is a bar\/pub downstairs which adds to the street noise! There are also restaurants on the other side of the hotel and you can definitely hear the noise when you are n the hallways.I suggest to shop around for a hotel in sydney, this hotel is too expensive for $95-$115 a night for 2, mainly because it is a run down hotel, uncomfortable and lacks the wow factor. Hotels around the Central Station are cheaper and in better condition, although it feels that they are not really in town but are only seconds from the central station which means that for a day ticket you can go pretty much every where in town faster and with less walking. ","annotations":[]}