{"text":"Harbour Plaza excellent value and oasis We booked the Harbour Plaza after reading solid, positive reviews on Trip Advisor. We are expecting a high standard and were not disappointed by the hotel or the staff.First: after we reserved and paid through Expedia, (which usually results in the worst room in the house, in this case an obstructed, partial view), the staff obligingly changed our room to a full harbour view. Then: when an emergency at home forced us to change our tickets and return a day early, the staff at the business center spent hours making all the arrangements. The women there are the most capable travel coordinators I have ever experienced at a hotel and I've been travelling internationally on business for 30 years!Many reviews talk about the location being out of the way. It's true, that after taking the Star Ferry back late at night, the WanChai docks are closed and you must go to the Kowloon docks then take a cab back to the hotel. This is a 10 minute inconvenience. All other times, the WanChai docks are, literally, a 2 minute walk from the hotel front door - but, around a building's corner so aesthetically out of sight. Cabs are plentiful. The hotel has a free shuttle to Airport Express that runs every 12 minutes. Very convenient for departure.We experienced the hotel's location as an asset. The harbour location is spectacular. There is no traffic noise. We were 2 business women travelling together and we felt absolutely safe and comfortable. I would have felt comfortable staying there alone.The setting of the Harbour Plaza is lovely. I particularly appreciated being in an urban hotel but looking out the window and not seeing building across the street. The overall feeling is that of an oasis. I loved the feeling of openess. The hotel feels like a resort, right in the middle of Hong Kong.The rooftop pool is a pleasure. Don't miss it.We upgraded to the concierge floor and ate breakfast in the club room. It was only OK. Tasty selection but limited variety. The buffet in the gorgeous lobby downstairs, directly on the water, looks delicious, but we never tried it.The room was business-upscale. Very comfortable. Normal and what you would expect from a 5 star in Hong Kong. Unlike the beds throughout most of China which are rock-hard, these beds were blissfully comfortable. Great pillows. Our room had 2 queen-sized beds and a generous, attractive bathroom. Great shower.Uniformly, the staff was attentive, cooperative, eager to be of service, knowledgeable and a pleasure to interact with. If you have tourist hours, don't miss the Hong Kong Museum of History. After 4 hours there, I was hungry for more! A big surprise as I expected to be in-out and on to the next attraction. We also enjoyed the Bird Market. Skip the Temple Street Market which is a junk-pile of cheap, tourist items. The Stanley Street Market isn't much better but the ride to get there is interesting.We found a private guide on the web and found a day with him to be invaluable. Facinating information on history and also present-day life in Hong Kong. I highly recommend a day's walking tour of Central.Another reviewer wrote that the air pollution in Hong Kong is omnipresent. This is true. A plume of bad air from the manufacturing centers in Guangzhou and its industrial corridor washes down across Hong Kong. It's surprising that the air quality there is so poor considering that the city is on the ocean. You can easily read local opinions. The air quality is becoming a serious issue for business recruitment as people with young families don't wish to have their children exposed to this level of pollution. The week before we were there, the head of the HK Philharmonic Orchestra quit because he needed to take his children to a cleaner city.That said, we had a marvelous time in Hong Kong on a business trip with a couple of tourist days added on. The Harbour Plaza was a large part of our positive experience. Highly recommended! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1947,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1943}]}