{"text":"Good Business Hotel After a recent hosting of a 3-day seminar at this facility, I can say that we were quite pleased. We have stuggled with accomodations in Barca in the past, as it's difficult to find that cost\/quality\/location balance - with here things were different.Located in Diagonal Mar, it's just far enough away from Born and other areas of the city that might draw people's attention away from a seminar, making it a good spot for business stays. However, I found about a 10 Euro taxi ride would put you back in the action. Just a few hotels over stands the Hilton, as well as Princess, which I believe are slightly more expensive. The quality of the rooms were justified for the cost, and housekeeping was quite attentive as I always found the room in order when I would return, no matter if I left the room first thing in the morning or later in the day. As this hotel was handling multiple seminars at once, I felt they did a fantastic job. Seldom was there any cross traffic between the different groups, and when groups did exit the salons for a break, it did not disrupt us at all. There were some small requests that went unattended (light bulb removal, extra tables positioned), but these were merely small matters that we easily took care of on our own. Overall, I definitely recommend the facilities for a seminar\/conference. Regarding the rooms, I had to deal with the following issues:1. There were some problems with the air conditioning for a day, which made the rooms quite warm. As it was April, this was easily fixed with an open window, though I'm not sure of the frequency of this problem.2. It was advertised that the minibar was free of charge each day, but a look in revealed two small beers (one non-alcoholic), water, and a few soft drinks. This wasn't a bother personally as I figured it was the case, but other people seemed quite upset about it. 3. They provide a golf ball soap that is rather neat. Problem was with multiple nights, that golf ball eventually became small enough to slip out of my hands and fall into the drain hole for the sink and become lodged. It took quite a while to remove it.4. Internet is wireless and provided by Telefonica - you should get the card from the lobby each day as it is needed. I chose to purchase via credit card each day from the comfort of the room, and the two repeat charges triggered the alarm that locked two of my credit cards throughout the stay. I travel a fair amount, so my purchases are erratic already, but this set it off for some reason. All in all, a good stay, and I know if we return to Barcelona again next year for our seminar, we will most likely choose this hotel again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2317,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":2310}]}