{"text":"Nothing Grand About the Grand Oasis First, let me say that if you have already booked your trip and are locked in, do not worry. It is possible to have a perfectly nice week at this resort. HOWEVER, if you have not booked yet, I would sincerely advise you to look elsewhere.The resort is truly beautiful...great beach, lovely pool. However, my wife and I agree that this is a case of missed opportunites. Poor management has rendered this resort quite meidocre.You will read other reviews that say that the food is atrocious. Perspective is everything and so are expectations. No great meals were had at any of the restaurants, but we did not go hungry. Some around us felt the food was quite good but MOST felt it left alot to be desired.You will read other reviews that state that the staff is unfriendly. Not true. The waiters, bar staff, and housekeepers were all helpful and engaging. The front office staff was not helpful at all. My wife's beach bag was stolen from the pool area and they refused to activate the safe in our room gratis after such a traumatic event. Finally, one manager, Karen,,,,(apparently the keeper of the administrative brain) realized that to deny us this meager request could be a public relations nightmare and acquiesced.Our room was okay, but a persistant leak from the airconditioner condenser was a nuisance and was not fixed properly when we requested this.Towel shortages have been written about in other reviews. What can I say? This is true. For a resort of this size, they should have an adequate number of beach and bath towels which they do not.The grounds can be noisy at night...a problem if you have small children that might want to sleep. A private party at one of the bars blasting loud music at 3 am was very irritating. I complained to the staff member running it but he was DRUNK and refused to turn down the music. I finally unplugged the stereo speakers myself. (Fortunately, I was not physically attacked by the partygoers). I filled out a complaint form at the front desk which was never followed up upon by management.The animation staff was quite entertaining and our fellow guests, overwhelmingly Canadian, could not have been nicer.Again, if you've already booked, don't despair: keep an eye on your belongings, pack an extra towel, and dont expect 5 star cuisine. If you still have a choice to go elsewhere, exercise that option! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":168,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":164}]}