{"text":"A truly great place to stay We stayed here for 6 nights. We booked a king ocean view room which was on level 23. As the hotel has recently been renovated the rooms are very pleasant with bright wall decor and linen which creates a pleasant welcoming atmosphere. They obviously had a good interior designer because although the bathrooms are quite small one doesn't really notice this because there are two windows with attractive frosted glass between the bathroom and bedroom which creates a light feeling. The vanity and shower are clean and fresh. Plenty of good towels as others have said and medium quality shampoo etc. We had a lanai with good view of ocean and beach only partially obstructed by one tall block in front but really not a problem .It would be on floors lower than perhaps 15 because there is also a church which would obstruct some views. On the other side of the hotel are pleasant mountain views and at night this is actually spectacular because there are houses on the mountain which creates a sort of dome of lights which is pretty.The hotel lobby is very attractive, open, spacious and a good place to hang about and use the wifi internet. Pity they haven't yet extended this to the rooms but you can pay for cable internet in the room. The flat screen HDTV in the room is great but when we tried to connect our Australian bought DVD player we couldn't get a picture. On the other hand our MacBook air connected fine with the right cables.Some people complain that the valet service for parking is in the lobby - this is nonsense - it is outside the foyer and there is a reasonably fast service to bring your car - there is no self-parking.The 24 hour restaurant has a good vibe and the food was interesting and tasty.The hotel is away from the main drag of Waikiki Beach but only 5 minutes or so walking to the more busy part of town and we liked the fact that it is close but quieter.Generally excellent value for money and comfortable including the lovely beds. Don't waste your money on one of the other huge places nearer the beach - it really won't be worth the extra money. ","annotations":[]}