{"text":"Above Average Facilities; Below Average Service We just returned from 8 days at The Melia Caribe (Aug. 1 - 8). The resort is big, bustling and, in many ways, beautiful. Unfortunately, the service does not remotely match the quality of the facilities. Royal Service is anything but royal -- average would be a better description. We encountered check-in difficulties, maintenance issues, transportation issues, rudeness ... you name it. Be prepared for very slow response times and endless communication struggles (no one speaks English).The beach was extremely nice. Go early in the morning before the sea grass gets all stirred up by the motorized water sports. Good luck trying to hitch a ride from The Royal Service villas to the beach. The golf carts run inconsistently, when they run at all.The food was pretty good. Be sure to visit the Japenese restaurant. It was as good as everyone claimed. If you are looking for a Disney-like experience with big crowds, lush grounds and you have a high tolerance for inefficiencies, you will probably enjoy this resort. It is very family friendly and does offer alot in the way of tropical beauty. As for our family, we do not plan to return. Just too many frustrations.If you are going to The Melia Caribe, be sure to take all of your paperwork from your travel agent with you. You will need it when you check in. Also, you will be ordered to attend certain meetings at certain times. This ticked me off! We did not attend one single meeting. If you too elect to not attend the meetings, be sure you get your transfer pass the day before you check-out. This is your ticket back to the airport. We spent about $150 in tips. Looking back, we probably would have gotten the same (marginal) service if we had spent $15 in tips. Lastly, if you are planning a romantic getaway, I strongly recommend you study the different floor plans before selecting your room type. Our room (Royal Service, Bldg. #49), had a see-through bathroom off the bedroom. That's right: SEE-THROUGH! Yes, you could see into the toilet area as well. If modesty and\/or privacy is important to you, this see-through design will severely disturb you. And heaven forbid that you get sick, as I did a couple of nights. Hopefully, you get the picture here. I wish we had chosen the one bedroom suite with two bathrooms. ","annotations":[]}