{"text":"OMG Okay, so one of my best friends from college was getting married and his wife-to-be chose this resort for the festivities. The grounds were sprawling, well-manicured and the hospitality of the waitstaff was great and attentive. Ironicly, they were lacking in customer service. The wedding was beautiful and definitely an evening of joy. The day after the wedding, most of the attendees were prepping to make their way back home. In lieu of this, my college friends - 12 all together - arranged to have dinner at a Hibachi restaurant, Himitsu, since it was the last day we would all be at the resort together. Well, we all met at about 7:15pm and were told a table would be available in about an hour and that there was no need for us to provide our names. We were already hungry from our ATV excursion earlier that day but eager to enjoy our dinner together so we sat tight and decided to wait. Imagine our surprise and chagrin when we approached the hostess and she told us that she had forgotten about us and that there was nothing she could do since we had not given our names. She said there would be an additional half hour wait. In their defense, this should have been the point when we went to a less crowded restaurant at the resort and stuffed ourselves but we continued to wait because management guaranteed us seating within a half hour and offered us sushi to hold our group over. We had already lost 4 members by then. The remaining 8, including children, waited as a half an hour turned into 45 minutes with management continuing dangling the carrot of seating in front of our faces. Because there was hardly enough sushi to go around for us, we asked the manager if there was food left in the restaurant so we could go elsewhere if that wasn't the case. He assured us that there was plenty of food.To make a VERY long story short, we gave up on our chance to have a Hibachi dinner and settled for Chinese at the same restaurant. By this time, it was 10:30PM. We ordered our respective dishes and were brought out what was left as opposed to what we ordered. This after the manager assured us that there was food left. The fish was not fresh, the rice was scraped from the bottom of the pot and the appetizers were less than appetizing.We complained to the restaurant manager who referred us to someone who was in charge of the food and dining at the resort. After hearing our gripe, he took our room numbers with one of my girlfriends suggesting that we get comped for a massage. We never heard from him again and visited the concierge later in the week to follow up on our own. She proceeded to tell us she could only compensate us with the promise of a really good meal at any of the restaurants on the premises. Huh\/? This is an all-inclusive resort, a really good meal should have been a given. That wouldn't have made up for the experience we had at the Hibachi restaurant. Our pleas fell on deaf ears and I left there feeling cheated.Again, I take responsiblity for the fact that we waited but the service was still terrible.In addition to our harrowing restaurant experience, we heard rumors of poor air conditioning, wetbar refrigerators not workng, and the worst of the worst, sitings of rat droppings in one of the bathrooms of the resort rooms...YUCK!!The pool was cool but the beach was covered with seaweed on our first venture there. it was much better on the other side of the resort.If it wasn't for the awesome company of my extended family, the occasion we were celebrating and our awesome excursion rep, Ceasar, the trip would have been a total bust. Beware of Dreams...! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1567,"mention":"carrot","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Carrot_cake"],"startOffset":1561},{"endOffset":1923,"mention":"Chinese","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/P%C3%A2t%C3%A9_chinois"],"startOffset":1916}]}