{"text":"Pros and Cons The ride to Dreams was as expected, bumpy and long. But nothing to stop us from going. We did have an issue where the porter at the airport quoted us $35 for the taxi ride and then we found out mid-way through the trip that the cost was actualy $60. My husband and I are both spanish speaking so there was no mis-communication. Basically the guy at the airport had never heard of Dreams and just quoted us a price anyway. We had done our research before and new the normal price was $60, they have set tarifs on taxis in Punta Cana, so I was just angry at the fact that I felt they were trying to get one over on us. Onto the resort itself ,we arrived and checked in with no issues. Our room was normal size, clean, and fairly updated. We ran into problems on about the 4th night when we started seeing cockroachs in our room. We advised reception and they sent maintance with pesticide to the room. I know this is the tropics but I still should not be seenig cockroachs in a supposed 4* hotel. The next day we saw another cockroach and went back to recpetion. They first offered us masages which we rejected. It was very difficult to speak to a manager, you had to go through several levels of assistants and supervisors first. But we were persistant and when we finally did get him he gave us a suite for the rest of our stay along with masages for the each of us. The suite was beautiful, if I were to go again I would only stay in the suite. As for the food and service, it was not very good. You can always find something to eat but don't expect good quality, you just won't find it. The service was bad 98% of the time, I think one night we actually had a good server. Some nights we waited 15 mintues just to get a drink, and forget getting a second one, trying to get the waiters attention. The restaurants are way understaffed. Also you are unable to make reservations so expect a 30-45 mt wait to get a table. On the positive side the pool was great. The first 3 days we had no problem getting a chair by the pool, then for some reason by the 4th day you had to be out there by 8am to get one. The beach was nice, there was coral in the water, but if you go to the right or the left there was plenty of clear blue water free of coral to swim in. There is a nice little gift shop to the left of the resort on the beach, its about a 10 mintue walk. Only pay half of what they orignally quote you, overall its a much better deal than what you will get in the hotel. As for woment not wearing their tops, you are going to a foreign country, you cannot expect all countries in the world to be just like the United States. If you have kids and you don't want them to be exposed to other cultures of the world, I would suggest you stay i the U.S. Overall I don't think I would go back, but that is more because I like to try new places. If I were to go back I would undoubtedly stay in a suite, its liket stepping into a completely different hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2285,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2281}]}