{"text":"It's good but... This is my first time writing a review for Tripadvisor but as I travel loads and use this site, I thought i would start to contribute. Firstly, I do like Casablanca but I liked it more a few years ago when it was indeed a 'find' and when the rates were slightly better. NYC is expensive and I realise the hotel rates (you'll not get anything below $380 or so) reflect this but the comparatively, the hotel was always a bit more of a good find in terms of cost, not just the little extras.The hotel is nicely situated. It is right in Time Square and despite its location, if you get a back or inner room, it is fairly quiet. If you get a front room, expect street noise. The rooms are fine, the twin room is quite spacious and nice and is my favourite as it is toward the back but they have very few of these and so harder to get. The King size premium rooms that are inner are bigger than the standard but NOT large by any means. The decour inside the rooms is fine but there is a slight feel of it becoming worn. There is now free WiFi in the rooms, which is great. There is also a machine on the 2nd floors (ricks). THe big plus is that the hotel does have a continental breakfast, included with all rates and they do a nice wine\/cheese every night from 5-7. What has changed, and only in some cases, is that the front desk staff really is so varied in how they meet\/greet guests. When we checked in, I was less than overwhelmed by the greeting (I have stayed there 2x per year over the last few years). But then a change in front staff and a whole different vibe. What is consistent is the doorman who are great. So a bit mixed, whereas I do remember a time when it was just consistently friendly and just that nice home feel.I think if you decide to stay here, do it for the following. You like a smaller hotel, you want that central westside location and you will take advantage of the breakfasts and happy hour (and there is coffee and pastries all day). So you can come back and chill out in this 2nd floor area. Particularly good if you are travelling with an elderly person or children or just in inclement weather. Do not stay here if you like something more modern with more in house facilities. Of the Time Square hotels, this would be the one I definitely prefer. In short, it is nice but I find the slot it is occupying now a bit over the top for what the hotel actually provides... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1735,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1731}]}