{"text":"Had a great time! I went with my family and didn't know if I would have fun or not but we did. The beach is beautiful, the pool bar was my favorite! The drinks were good but, if i asked them for liquor they would only put a little bit so i barely tasted it. The staff was friendly, although one staff member in the inside buffet was annoying and kept trying to make conversation with me when I was trying to eat. The food was great, the deserts were a little weird though. They have internet, a gym, though everyone there wants you money. To use the internet it was like $12 for 1\/2 hour, which is a lot! All in all the experience was good though. The entertainment was okay, everynight there was a show. The best show was the Michael Jackson one, i recommend seeing that one. The dances were really good. The other shows were a bit weird, well atleast some of them. They play good spanish music and it's always a party there. One night there was a party in the lobby cause it was pouring outside. Have a few drinks and you'll have a blast. I also recommend the banana boat on the beach, soo much fun! And parasailing as well. There was a buffet on the beach, which was great but the only problem about that was that there are a lot of flies outside, so some were flying on the food which is gross. The inside buffet is better. The resort is in the middle of nowhere so i really don't recommend leaving to go sight see unless it's to a specific place. People there are theives, they will follow you in the street to go in their store and try to sell you something for way too much money. You can try to bargain with them but be tough about it. lol I got a massage on the beach but it wasn't that great. I wouldn't even call it a massage, it was more like she was just rubbing my back. Maybe in the spa is better. The rooms were very nice and comfortable, very clean. The maids were great, we always had water and soda in the fridge everyday and new soap, towels. They work hard so please tip them. Our room tv would turn on and off by itself, must have been a ghost in our room. Other than that everything was great! The beach is the best part. The pool was a little dirty but there's so many people there so that may be expected. We also went to one of the restaurants, the steak one and the food was really good there! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1917,"mention":"soda","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Saltine_cracker"],"startOffset":1913}]}