{"text":"Great Honeymoon other than getting sick My wife and I went here on our honeymoon from July 4, 2008 to July 12, 2008 adn had a great time. The only issue we had was we got sick around halfway through our trip and stayed that way for weeks. It was just a small stomach issue, but it does need to be said that we still loved this place in spite of what happened. We are still contimplating going back because everything else about our trip was unbelievable.ARRIVAL: Our arrival went without any problems. From the time we landed on the runway to the time we got to the resort it only took about an hour and once we got to the resort the front desk was awesome. They checked us in and gave us cold washcloths and drinks. We were in our room within minutes and a few minutes later our luggage arrived. ATMOSPHERE: This place was immaculate. The grounds were beautiful and the gardens were nice. Everything looked just like the picutres and was great.ROOM: We got a room in the building that we requested, building five and it overlooked the pool and the ocean. The view from our room was great and we were only a few steps from the ocean. We had a bottle of Rum waiting for us in our room and our maid cleaned our room thoroughly everyday and would make nice animals out of the towels on our bed with flowers.BARS: The pool bar and lobby bar were awesome. Emelio in the Lobby Bar was so much fun to be around. He certainly knows how to have a good time. The pool bar was always a blast, who doesn't love to sit in a pool and drink?RESTAURANTS: All of the food we felt was very good. We went to the buffet for breakfast and lunch everyday. I loved the fact that I could get an omelette every morning. We went to all of the al a carte dinners other than the Italian. The Tex-Mex and Fondue were our favorites. We also ate at the Seafood Restaurant which was also good. The Filet Mignon at the Tex-Mex was delicious. We didn't feel the food tasted badly, but we did get sick after about 4 days of being there and it took several weeks for our stomaches to start feeling better.The Beach beds were awesome and we never had any problems finding a place to sit on the beds or on the chairs at the pool. The hotel dies down really early which was alright with us because after a long day of drinking we were usually in bed early. If you get the Platinum Package you have access to all the upper shelf liquors, which they have at all of the bars, you just need to ask. I really miss the Coco-Locos they were delicious. All in all even with getting sick my wife and I are debating still going back again next year because the staff was excellent, the resort was beautiful and we liked that it was a smaller adults only resort. I would defintely recommend this hotel to a friend just be careful of what you eat. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1253,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1249},{"endOffset":1253,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1249}]}