{"text":"Unbelievable awesome group coordinator  We were a group of 25 and decided on this hotel based on the reviews from TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed. The group coordinator of this hotel continually went above and beyond to ensure our stay was more than Satisfactory. The hotel does offer free shuttle from the airport. Due to our group size Lourdes arranged for airport pickup for everyone (nominal fee pp). The drivers were waiting with newer\/clean vans  trailer for luggage. We were taken to the hotel and after checkin our prearranged transportation took us over to Bayside  some of the group to South Beach. When we wanted to stay longer we called the driver and he said NO PROBLEM. They picked us up where and when they said they would. The next morning the drivers were again waiting to shuttle us to the port. All transportation was arranged through the hotel group coordinator (fees were reasonable). She suggested destinations, amount of time needed, etc. On our return to the port we did not have transportation booked we were considering ship based excursions. I emailed Hampton Inn from the ship and the Group Coordinator arranged for pickup--keep in mind that we were not staying at the hotel on our return--We were going home. She could not reach me by phone to confirm we worked via email. I called the driver when we reached Miami at 6am and he said Lourdes was unsure of the time but he'd be waiting with a group sign at the pier around 7am. Our group was split up getting off the ship and it delayed them over 40 minutes but they waited to take us all to the airport as a group. When we arrived at the airport the Group Coordinator of Hampton Inn (Lourdes) had called me--she wanted to see if our trip was satisfactory and if the driver picked us up as promised. Keep in mind this was a Sunday Morning and she works Monday-Friday. When we checked in the hotel on Saturday (her off day)--she also called me at the hotel checking to see if everything was satisfactory upon check in. We've stayed in Miami before and did not care for the hotel, staff or location. At the Wyndham during our last stay we were told by the bus driver not to go out at night the area is too dangerous--needless to say we didn't enjoy Miami or feel safe. We didn't feel uncomfortable at this hotel at all--great security--you must have an active hotel key in order to take the elevator in this hotel. Clean, reliable arranged transportation allowed us to enjoy the sights of Miami. Again, rooms are clean and comfortable---it's not the Ritz--it's an affordable and clean hotel with excellent service. ","annotations":[]}