{"text":"Great service, love the beach, the wave and the sunset The Legian is definitely one of the best hotels I have ever stayed so far.... When we arrived, the staff directly served us with a very refreshing fresh fruit juice and cold towels, which was perfect for the hot weather. We had to wait for like an hour before the room was ready but we were not bored at all since we get to wait in the lounge where the beach was just lovely..... We got the top floor room where you can get privacy with a great view of the sea. We got a welcome package which consist of fruits, delicous welcome snacks and flowers, what an excellent way to start a holiday.The location is very strategic since you get to enjoy the civilisation (its walking distance to many good restaurant and cafes) and the quiet beach. We also went to Kuta to experience that famous place, but I really feel like going back to Seminyak since Kuta is really full of vendors offering loging, cars, etc.I can never forget the beach and the wave and you also get to enjoy the fabulous sunset. There is a life guard and several security people who were very alert to keep the beach private. We play body surf everyday, the wave is just great, a surfer paradise. The two tier pool was perfection.We also tried having dinner in the Legian restaurant and at that time we really want to try the satay which was only available for lunch but the chef was willing to cook it specially for us. Although the price was a bit on the high side comparing to the meal.The massage is a must try, we took a package that consist The Legian Massage, body scrub, body mask, foot massage and flower bath... It was to die for.... I was so relaxed that I don't want to walk back to the hotel room. The Legian massage was done by 2 person massaging your body together and the foot massage was really enjoyable. The body mask was warm, unlike other place where the body mask is cold and u get to enjoy the flower bath after that. But the massage is something you have to try.The concierge was really helpful and remember us by name, in fact most of the staff remember our names. The concierge also help us to book a car to Ubud, provide very good reccomendation of restaurants around the area. The service was excellent.All and all.... it was a great stay and we will definitely come back there for holiday... After I came back to my country, I couldn't get use to waking up looking at walls instead of the sea and that I cannot see the sunset from my apartment.... It took me a week to get used to the fact that I am not at The Legian anymore. ","annotations":[]}