{"text":"Definitely a great place! M We stayed in this hotel for two last weeks of July and it certainly was a great place. It was not our first time in the Dominican Republic, so we knew kind of what to expect. The hotel itself was great! Rooms were clean and maid worked really hard to keep it this way. Our first maid Ciara excelled in making fancy shapes out of our towels and flowers. We were even laughing that if we stayed there longer she would have probably succeeded in making and Empire State Building out of our towels. We had some problems there however, but we have to say that they were dealt with so fast and so professionally in a matter of minutes. Our tour operator Melany from TMR ( Tours Mont Royal ) was amazing . Great hats off to Rooms Division Manager, Caren De Vries. We have never seen such professionalism, care about the guests and pleasant attitude. She certainly is to be commend and will be remembered. We are seriously considering going back there, knowing that Caren would be there. As for the food in the resort... absolutely fantastic, including the Thursday dinners on the beach. There was nothing in the buffet that we could complain about. As for the a la carte restaurants, there were three. The Italian was great, the service was fast and friendly and the food was great. The seafood restaurant was equally good. The only probleme we had was at the Texmex called American grill... Apart from the lack of AC that day, although the food was really good, but the service was extremely long and the waiter did not speak the word of English... I guess it would have been helpful to learn at least a menu. If you speak even a little Spanish it is certainly helpful there, but the main thing is to keep positive attitude and thing work out great. If you have someone like Caren there, you should be in good hands. If you go there you may give her the best regards with hugs from Jack and Mark. Overall, the resort is very good, way above average of what you may find. The beach is great, lots of activities ( maybe adding more water sports would be good like water bikes) , bars and other things. No matter whether you are a couple , single, family with or without kids you will certainly enjoy the place. You will however find around you many guests who seem to have come there only to complain without a reason and forget that they came to the Dominican Republic and not Ritz Carlton in NY. People, come on ! Have time off , relax and enjoy the weather and fantastic surroundings ( including the live pink flamingos) . This place is definitely where you can find it all. ","annotations":[]}