{"text":"'ENJOYABLE VACATION' We dont understand all the bad reviews. We stayed at Dreams the middle of Sept. for 8 days of beautiful weather and wonderful people. Our check-in was flawless, room was ready and luggage was delivered immediately. Our room was on the third floor overlooking the pool, very clean, refrigerator stocked with water, beer, pop and juice, and a fruit tray waiting in our room. Our air conditioner worked properly the entire stay even though the temperature was in the 90's everyday. My husband and I are pool people and it was the best I have seen anywhere, The drinks were awesome and non stop all day long, Our beach time was also awesome with the help of others writing reviews, to keep to the left for swimming and walking. The drinks at the beach were also plentiful with anything you wanted at anytime. The drinks of the day were awesome. The entertainment staff added an extra enjoyment to our vacation. Since we participated in the daily events at the beach and pool, we were remembered each day by name from the entertainers. HATS OFF to Michael, Mickey Mouse, 50 cents, Usher, Glenda, for all your hard work each day to make our trip more fun. Your dedication 12-14 hours a day 7 days a week is just amazing to us. and you all should be so proud.We also met alot of great people, some even from our hometown that we wer able to enjoy the same passion with: THE PITTSBURGH STEELERS. We never saw tarantulas or rats and the grounds people were always working to keep the resort clean. We did not have to keep tipping our maids to keep our room clean.The food was only average at best and never hot, this was probably our biggest complaint. I think the food needs to be addressed the most and hopefully with all the bad reviews about the food, this will improve in the future.All in all this was truly an enjoyable week, and just remember when you go there you are not in the USA but in a third world country who are trying their best to make your vacation a memorable one. ","annotations":[]}