{"text":"Excellent resort for a great price My family and I stated at the Punta Cana Grand from April 23 to April 30th. I was a little concerned about what we were in for from reading some of the reviews - but was more than pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Our plane was delayed so we arrived late afternoon but were immediately made to feel right at home on this resort. The resort is beautiful - very well kept, easy to get around, well laid out. The staff are wonderful - so patient and kind and really seem to be interested in making your stay a good one. We were immediately shown to our rooms which were connected and on the second floor in building 3. The rooms are spacious and clean. We never had a problem getting clean towels, the air conditioning worked and the mini bar was filled everyday. The food is wonderful at this resort. We ate at all of the a la carte restaurants - twice at the American Grill. The pico de gallo and tortilla chips were a hit with my vegetarian daughters. They never had a problem finding something on the menu - and the staff were more than obliging to make them a special plate. Da Marcos is amazing - the food was delicious, the service was amazing and the atmosphere was classy. And yes, there is seaweed on the beach - it's the sea! But everyday it was raked up. It was a little frustrating to have to get up at the crack of dawn to find a beach umbrella - but this is the fault of the visitors not the staff at the hotel. I think that some people put towels on the chairs under the umbrellas in the evening 'just in case' they needed them. I noticed that many chairs never had any people sitting in them. In fact, the only drawback to our stay at the Punta Cana Grand had nothing at all to do with the hotel staff and everything to do with the people staying there who 'drank all day,' (and sang a song about it) sat around the pool bar and were loud and obnoxious. We were shocked at how rude some of the 'guests' were - perhaps these are the same people complaining about this hotel? The entertainment in the evening was really quite good. The magician was amazing and we really enjoyed the Michael Jackson show - great dancing and costumes. There is lots to do on this resort and Anthony and his coworkers are great at getting people involved. I started to wonder if they ever slept - they were there early in the morning and late at night - always smiling. There are people on the beach trying to sell you various items - but say no thanks politely and they walk away. We had some sun and some rain and some wind - not much you can do about the weather. It sure beats the snow we encountered when we arrived home! To sum up - I would definitely come back to this resort. Great food, great people, lovely beach - what more can you ask for? ","annotations":[{"endOffset":949,"mention":"tortilla chips","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tortilla_chip"],"startOffset":935}]}