{"text":"Don't go there expecting a 5 star resort it is not! We were at the Rui Bambu from April the 6-13. We were a bit disappointed as we were expecting a 5 star resort, this is definitely not a 5 star. We were in Jamaica last year and stayed at the Rui in Ochio Rios, it was absolutely beautiful, nice beach 5 great restaurants a bathroom so clean you good eat off the floor and yes it was newly opened. Well, that is why we choose the Rui hotel as our experience in the past was good. I was quite surprised that so many people on here thought it was great, well, I am assuming they are first time travellers but for the seasoned traveller liking high end hotels you will be disappointed. This hotel is at best a 31\/2 star resort. First the hotel room was very much like a typical motel with a few patched up walls the beds were horribly uncomfortable. The food was so so, the nightly entertainment was boring and routine, not much superivised activity for the kids. The gym is old you can forget working out as there is no air conditioning, outdated equipment, only one treadmill, two old bikes which do not work well . The biggest disappointment was that they closed the pools early at 7pm every night . There are only 2 restaurants on the property not 4 as reported, one they use at night for fine dining basicaly they divide it into two sections one for a Steakhouse and one for Italian dining and comes with one menu choice. It is really a waste of time to line up and reserve a booking, we didn't bother. We were also quite surprised that given the amount of English speakers that visit this hotel so few of the staff could converse in basic English. I was not expecting them to be fluent but a few basic English sentences would have been good. Now for the good things about this place. Nice pool and swim up bar but the drinks were not that great, they were all watered down. The grounds are beautiful and well kept, the beach is great with lots of private shaded areas and lounge chairs. Overall I would give this trip a B, wouldn't choose RUI again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1791,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1787}]}