{"text":"A Very Enjoyable Six Nights The highlights:Great room.Quiet.Fantastic staff.Great location.The room makes the difference. I'll preface this review by saying that we splurged for an upgraded room and were not disappointed. Ask for room 302 and see for yourself! The room was spacious and bright, though the curtains and drapes did a solid job of blocking unwanted light. We also got to enjoy a balcony with a view overlooking the Arno river. We did have friends who stayed in a standard room, which appeared to be nice enough, but was considerably smaller than ours, with no balcony and no real view. That said, the room itself really made the stay so much more enjoyable.I'm not sure how busy the hotel was, being our stay was toward the end of the tourist season, but I must say it was very quiet in our room. We could not hear anyone else's television through the walls, for example, and never heard another door slam in the hallway. Again, the windows and drapes did a great job of blocking road noise from the relatively busy street below.Beyond the room, the staff was also superb. We had a small destination wedding in Florence and the staff was very accommodating with our various needs. The concierge desk helped us arrange dinner reservations and taxis with no delays. The only odd moment we experienced was when the maitre'd at the hotel restaurant refused to seat us, claiming there were no tables left on a Tuesday night. We're not completely sure what was going on--perhaps we were slightly underdressed for his liking. No biggie, though, as the place appeared somewhat overpriced. There are plenty of affordable restaurants in the neighborhood. We avoided room service, too, as the prices were exorbitant (9 euro\/person service fee!). Our room had a fridge and the minibar items didn't take up too much room, so find a market and stock up on drinks.The location of the hotel is perfect. It's far enough away from the major cites to keep the crowds away, but not too far away from them to walk to. The train station is a 10-15 minute walk, very easy, but don't try to do it with luggage. I'm a very paranoid traveler when it comes to hotel rooms--I just dread a noisy, dirty, uncomfortable room. I was wholly satisfied with Plaza Lucchesi and feel we got great value for our weak dollars. I cannot stress enough how spending the extra money for an upgraded room likely made a huge difference. ","annotations":[]}