{"text":"Great Location, homey setting Our family of 4 (parents and two children) stayed at this hotel from August 2 - 6, 2007. We were booked into Suite #10, which included the following:One Bedroom with King BedOne Bedroom with 2 twin beds2 bathrooms1 Sitting roomThis suite is very large and furnished with antiques, although not as nice as some of the pictures on the hotel's website (this suite is not featured). The sitting room has no windows, so it is a bit dark.The staff is very friendly and helpful and the breakfast buffet (which is included in the room rate) is nice, but not extensive. Overall, we were pleased with the property - the location is fabulous - literally steps from the Duomo. However, there were a few things that were mildly disappointing:Because my husband was on business for part of our stay, I was very specific in stating our need for wireless internet in the room. I was assured in multiple e-mails from the hotel that the suite was equipped with wireless internet. Unfortunately, our suite, which was on the top floor of the hotel was out of range for the hotel's wireless system (which is installed on the 2nd floor). As a result, my husband spent several hours a day in the hotel living room conducting business.Also, the management does not tell you that in addition to the 10 hotel rooms in the Palazzo, the owners rent out several units as housing. On our floor, there were at least 3 apartments that were rented out and used the common entrance. The unit next door was occupied by a family with small children and the vestibule was crowded with strollers, etc. making it difficult to get in and out of our suite. The family also entertained a large group (7-8 people) late one night, which was a bit disruptive. Because there is no hotel staff on duty after 8:30, there was no one to contact about this problem.I am not sure that we would stay here again. The location is fabulous, but for nearly 500 euros a night I expected a more professional environment. ","annotations":[]}