{"text":"Could have been excellent I used to stay at the Capitol Tokyu on every visit to Tokyo. However, Capitol Tokyu is now being rebuilt so this time I stayed at one of their other hotels in the much more hip area of Shibuya. Capitol Tokyu was a very old and well established hotel, so everyone knows where it was. This time, I had trouble with the taxi guy at the bullet train station who had never heard of Cerulean. The name is not so familiar yet and Shibuya is so big and busy that if they have not heard of it, it would be very hard to find, with so many tall buildings in the area. The taxi arrived at the hotel after being stuck in Shibuya traffic for quite a long time (taxis are not cheap in Tokyo, let me remind you, so being stuck in bad traffic will cost you the price of flying with a low cost airline in another country). And when we got to the front, there was no-one there to welcome us or help us with our luggage. I had to run inside and ask someone at the reception to come out and take our luggage inside. Not a good first impression. Check in was ok good and the room itself was nice. The view from the bedroom was absolutely AMAZING, looking down to see all of the craziness of Shibuya from the 30th floor, and looking out to see all the buildings, parks and streets of Tokyo in the distance, you can even see the Tokyo Tower from your room! I doubt if the view from any other hotel room in Tokyo can be as good as this. Truly Truly amazing. However, here's the worst thing about this place: the Internet connection. I was there for business and need to use internet and email constantly. First of all, Internet in the room here is not free, which I think if you are paying this kind of price for a business hotel in a modern city like Tokyo you really should be getting complimentary internet access. Second of all, the connection itself was very shoddy, constantly getting disconnected and timed-out, not the fastest connection to begin with. This is a very frustrating thing to have happen when you are supposed to be communicating with people back home and writing emails all night. Can't download any large file because once your connection is cut you have to start it up again from the beginning. If the hotel is slowing your work progress down, that is not a major problem for business travellers who already don't have enough time in the office. Being right in Shibuya has its good and bad, but it's still a cool place to be in Tokyo, everything is here, shops, department stores, restaurants, bars, subway and JR lines. But Shibuya is pretty much at the left corner of the map at the end of the line so it's also quite far from other areas like Ginza. When I used to stay at Capitol Tokyo at Kokkai-Gijido Mae it was not in a hip area like Shibuya but it was in the middle of many places like Roppongi, Ginza, Shinjuku, Harajuku and even Shibuya so it was a good central base to be in. Breakfast here is served in 3 different restaurants for 3 different styles\/ cuisines so you have to make a choice of what cuisine you want before you sit down. This means that you can't be having western breakfast while your colleague has Japanese. I tried both and was more impressed with the Japanese breakfast eventhough that restaurant was totally empty. Try the Croissant in the western breakfast buffet though, one of the best I've ever had. Room service was very good, although very very expensive. A bowl of Unagi and Rice will set you back about 4300 yen! No complimentary water in the room either. Again, with this kind of room rate, what's a little thing like bottled water for guests? Seems like they're forgetting the small details that make a difference.  Overall, has the potential to be really excellent, with good location and a great view. All the basics are there, management just needs a little fine tuning. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3288,"mention":"Croissant","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Croissant"],"startOffset":3279}]}