{"text":"The Grand Hyatt Seattle corner suite isn't so grand! We stayed at The Grand Hyatt Seattle for 3 days between Christmas and New Years. We chose this hotel based upon location for shopping and trip advisor reviews for a luxury weekend without the kids. Last time to Seattle, we stayed at The Waterfront Marriott for 2 nights before an Alaskan cruise, and I must say we both liked the Marriott overall much better than the Hyatt. We had a corner suite at The Hyatt and the layout was really weird. There is a small entryway leading into the living room. The living room had the most uncomfortable sofa, a matching chair,(both scratched and worn) mini bar and a desk and chair. One wall was floor to ceiling windows and one small panel the size of a large mailbox at floor level was the only opening window in the whole suite! And this was a smoking suite!!!! There was a very narrow hallway with closets on the left where the windows would be and the bathroom off to the right. The problem with the clostes is that if you have one of the closet doors open, the other person in the room cannot pass to go back and forth between the living room, bathroom or bedroom without closing all the closet doors. This is a very bad design flaw and we would never book a corner suite here for this reason again.The bathroom was large, clean and very nice. Separate shower, tub and lots of marble. It was the only part of the suite which lived up to The Grand Hyatt reputation. The bedroom was small (comfortable king bed, 2 nightstands, 1 chair and a dresser with a tv on top) and had 2 walls of floor to ceiling windows. Unfortunately you had to close the curtains completely if you wanted privacy as there was a new building going up across the street and the crews could and would look right in. On a postive note, the corner bedroom was incredibly quiet. Ruth Cris is their hotel restaurant and even though you can charge it to your room, you do NOT accrue Gold Passport points for dining there. Unfortunately my husband and I lost each other in Nordstrom and upon returning to the Hyatt, the front desk would not give me a key to our suite. Apparently our reservation was under his name and even though it was for a party of 2 and I had my ID AND the credit card which was the same one that they had taken an imprint of from me at check in, they still would not let me in until he arrived. I was a bit miffed to say the least. If you stay here, make sure the front desk has each persons name on the reservation in case you get locked out. Registering as Mr and Mrs is not enough. ","annotations":[]}