{"text":"Wonderful stay My partner and I stayed at Melia Bali for our summer holiday. The entrance to the lobby area is very grand and if you arrive after dusk you are greated by balinese dances which is a nice. The Reception staff were very helpful and quickly showed us to our room.We stayed in the superior room, which was basic for a 4\/5 star hotel but it was clean and had all the facilities needed. (the bed was HUGE)Yes there was a slight smell in the room due to the spray they use to keep the bugs away and there is a problem with in house humidity but we found the aircon sorted this out. Though in my opinion many hotels along the tropics have these kinds of problems.The restaurants are very good and despite being more expensive than the restaurants outside the hotel they were still cheaper than the average restaurant in England. With the exception of breakfast which is lovely, but pricey. The main complaint about the restaurants was that the service was very VERY slow though this is a problem through out bali's hotels and restaurants. Even people at the Hyatt, the Conrad and the laguana had the same issue with slow service.Despite being a large hotel we had no problems getting a sun bed around the pool or on the beach. Even when we didn't go to the pool untill late morning\/midday. Neither were there hundreds of kinds, infact we counted 7 over the course of our stay. And all of these children were very well behaved (well done to their parents)The pool area is very pleasant and the beach also. Their are people trying to sell things on the beach though we found that they tended not to hassle you if you just said no or pretented you were asleep. This was unlike other resorts in the world that we have visited where the beach sellers just keep on hassling you.The gardens are stunning. (enough said)Melia bali is the only hotel in nusa dua to have a happy hour.Bali collections is FOUL it is like going to a florida flea market. The restaurants are cheaper than the hotels but its artificial and not the real bali, for 拢3 you can go to Jimbaran for fabulous food and feel like your in bali and for 70p you can go into nusa dua village. Over all we had a wonderful stay at the Melia bali and would recommend it to both our family and friends. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":201,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":197}]}