{"text":"A Terrific Surprise We were two couples on vacation, sampling all the Starwood properties in Puerto Rico, booking only one night at this hotel, not expecting much. We've stayed at some of the best resorts in the hemisphere--the Palmas del Mar was quite a surprise--one of the best values possible.The management was incredibly accomodating, staff couldn't have been more helpful. . The value comes in taking advantage of the facilities of the huge and lovely Palmas del Mar properties that surround the hotel. The golf courses looked great and the tennis center (easy walking distance) was one of the best and most friendly we've seen (hardcourt, rubberized as well as clay courts). The beach is endless and uncrowded.Another astounding surprise was finding one of the restaurants on the surrounding property--Candelero--easily one of the best five restaurants we have ever visited, from Europe to Hawaii. Fairly new, not expensive and with the most sophisticated wine selection in Puerto Rico, we ate there every chance we could. It will be discovered one of these days as a destination restaurant but in early 2008, reservations or dropping in was still easy.The fancy French restaurant in the Marina was disappointing and overpriced. We never ate in the formal hotel restaurant but the breakfast and snack place at the hotel was easy and delightful.The small casino was tidy, had slots, blackjack and roulette and is quieter than most. The wine bar (and sometimes deli) has a good selection. We can't comment on the spa services, but it was nice to know they were available. The rooms were just fine, had Internet service and cable TV, but you wouldn't want to spend all your time inside. At least at the time we were there, we liked the clientele, much less uptight than folks in the luxury resorts near San Juan.OK, it wasn't the Ritz---you couldn't be sure you'd find a beach chair, the rental electric carts were a bit expensive, the pool seemed a little chilly---but this was one heck of a value. We extended our stay as long as possible, then paid four times the price per night at a luxury resort nearer San Juan. There was no comparison per dollar!Allan\/Barbara\/Carol\/Chris from Washington DC ","annotations":[]}