{"text":"Canal House Charm The Ambassade's canal house architecture simultaneously constitutes its biggest charm and sole negative aspect. Unlike some Amsterdam hotels that have essentially gutted historic canal house structures, leaving a sterile building covered by a thin veneer of historic facade, the Ambassade respects the original 17th century structure. The public rooms have high ceilings, cut crystal chandeliers, ornate woodwork, and impressive reproduction antique furniture. There are small nooks and crannys, such as the rooms off the lobby that house computers for guest use and a library filled with books signed by authors who have stayed at the hotel. (The latter is a lot of fun for book enthusiasts.) Guest rooms have expansive windows looking out onto the Herengracht (Gentleman's Canal) or the Single canal. On the other hand, there are few elevators and the stairs are extraordinarily steep by North American standards. Do yourself a favor and have the bellman deliver your luggage to the room!Besides the architecture, I enjoyed the hotel's location, my room's high-quality amenities, and the superb service. The hotel was a brisk 20-minute (or less) walk from literally anyplace I was interested in going in Amsterdam: the museum quarter, the floating flower market, pedestrian shopping streets, the nightlife of the Leidesplein, great restaurants, historic canal house museums, and the central train station. Plus, it was only a block from an Albert Hein supermarket that stocked ready-made sandwiches and snacks. The hotel is in an affluent area and I felt comfortable walking by myself at night (and I am female).The rooms contained high-thread-count sheets, quality toiletries, and free wireless internet. A welcome snack of two apples and two bottles of mineral water awaited me. The room was surprisingly spacious and light-filled. The Ambassade offers 24 hour room service and very helpful staff. Several of the front desk clerks were greeting me by name from the second day on. They made dinner reservations for me, offered to print out boarding passes, pointed out the nearest grocery store location, and (when I complained about the weight of my laptop computer) offered to deliver my computer to my business location! For people who like the spa experience, the Koan Float spa associated with the hotel is only two doors away.The Ambassade has had an excellent reputation for many years. My parents stayed there in 1985 and were similarly impressed. Hopefully they will remain a choice destination for quite some time. I will certainly return. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1518,"mention":"sandwiches","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":1508}]}