{"text":"Don't waste your points or money here! My husband and I stayed two nights at the Homewood Suites before leaving for an Alaskan cruise. We had used Hilton HHonors points to book our stay. I had selected this hotel from the Hilton site because some of the other Hiltons were already booked and this was the closest one to the piers with available rooms.I was really disappointed in two specific aspects of this hotel: service and cleanliness. On the service front, the front desk manager was just a jerk and any other staff with whom we interacted were unfriendly and unhelpful. When we approached the desk to check in, the first thing out of the manager's mouth was, boy, you have a lot of luggage, said in a very derogatory way. The whole check-in experience was unpleasant, and when I noticed a sign on the desk about a shuttle to the cruise ship pier and expressed my interest in that, he just nodded that it was available and volunteered no further information.A note about what we learned about the shuttle, since you'll have to do surgery to extract the information from the desk staff: it's $5\/pp and although they ask you to sign up for a time on a clipboard kept by the front desk, get there early. Our driver was waiting for us a half hour before our scheduled departure time, and although he had originally told me he wasn't waiting for a party by our name when I asked him, about fifteen minutes later he loaded in another family and then called for us. I hate to imagine what we would have felt like if we had gone downstairs at the arranged time only to discover that the shuttle had already left. And yes, using a shuttle or taxi is a good idea - the distance to the pier is just far and not linear enough that trying to walk it with a lot of luggage (and don't forget it rains a lot in Seattle) could get very uncomfortable.Back to the hotel. Both the public spaces and the rooms were not up to the usual Hilton standard of cleanliness. There is quite an extensive spread for breakfast (it was nice to see a hotel include a free breakfast with some substance since most don't anymore) but seeing the number of flies buzzing around the dining area after the meal was over was just gross. When we got back to our room at 5:00 in the afternoon and found that it hadn't yet been changed, my husband got an earful of nastiness when he flagged down a cleaning person and asked him when he was going to get to our room. It turns out that we didn't gain much by asking him to come in: he didn't even fully make the bed (he just straightened the sheets a little) and he didn't replace any of the items (coffee, soap, etc.) that we had used. On top of that, in a city that is probably more environmentally responsible than most in our country, I was shocked that he put a grand total of four glasses in the dishwasher and ran it on a full cycle.If you're looking to travel to Seattle on your HHonors points and this is the only hotel available with them, my advice is to hang onto your points for another trip and just stay at one of the many wonderful boutique hotels and inns that Seattle offers instead. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2615,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2609}]}