{"text":"Extremely Fun The Vacation Was Amazing dont listen to the poor reviews after all this is a 4 star resort so if you want everything perfect then go somewhere else. We Stayed 5 nights, 6 Days. Our Room was 1177 lower level but great location, we were across from the main pool  restaurants! We booked our trip though apple vacations and our flight was real good out of chicago, no problems. the punta cana airport is awesome, it is all outside there are huge fans inside so the airport stays cool. our apple rep was named tony, he was extremely cool and very friendly. he made sure your trip was how you wanted it. there were no bugs, which was a good thing, but we packed off just incase. bring lots of sunscreen because in the gift shop for a 2.5 ounce bottle, it is 19 us dollars. RIP OFF! anyways, there are 7 restaurants, 5 are included in the all inclusive, andthe other 2 your have to pay 25 dolars for. the italian restuarant is realllllly good, the dominican was alright, we are very picky eaters so we skipped the others which were mexian, brazilian, chinese and sea food. the buffet was real good too, they had lots and lots of different foods, we always found something to eat. the earlier you go eat the more there is too choose from, it gets picked over fast but they are always refilling. the beach is the best part of the whole trip. it is huge and very clean there is beach bar and all the stafff are real nice. they speak little english but enough to get by. there are 3 pools and they are very clean and big, the main pool has a swim up bar which is real nice. if you want a hut on the beach, your best bet is to get up by 645am other wise they are all gone. our room was always very clean and we always had fresh towel and water. the resort has a casino near by and there is a little trolly that comes to the resort to take and pick u up. the lobby is a little ways away from the rooms but there is also a shuttle that comes alot. we hurd that the shows were very good but we never got a chance to see one. the drinks are very good, for some of the top shelf drinks you need to pay extra for. but the majority are included. the drinks are on ice, so if you want a more slushy drink you need to ask for it to be in the blender. we were very staisifed with this resort and we would return. we had no problems or complaints at all!! very fun! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1066,"mention":"chinese","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/P%C3%A2t%C3%A9_chinois"],"startOffset":1059}]}