{"text":"Great budget hotel I booked with a little trepidation after reading some of the negative comments on Hotels.com, but when I actually got here I was very pleasantly surprised. I had booked a single room, but was assigned a three-bed apartment to myself! This consisted of a fairly large lounge\/sitting-room (with a single bed tucked away in a corner), and a separate double bedroom with an en-suite bathroom which was accessed by a fairly steep set of steps. My apartment was especially large but the rooms seem to be quite large in general from my observations - I was able to sneak glances into a few rooms while they were being tidied and they seemed reasonably generously sized on the whole.The decor, it has to be said, is a bit tired and could do with freshening up in some spots. There were also exposed gas and water pipes in the stairwell up to the bedroom which were painted white to match the stairwell and did not detract from the overall look of the apartment, although those of an aesthetically delicate nature would not like them. The furniture was also slightly worn and faded; my couch had a small cigarette burn on one arm. I would also caution elderly travellers that the hotel also has a lot of steep stairs but only one small elevator. The beakfast buffet was OK if unspectacular, the usual European selection of sliced meats, cereals, bread, crackers, drinks and scrambled eggs. There is also a bar attached to the hotel which looked OK, not just a typical bland hotel bar, although I never actually tried it.The hotel is very close to Centraal Station, giving easy access to travel links for Amsterdam and beyond. It's also within easy walking distance of the Red Light District, Dam Square and Nieuwmarkt.Overall a good budget hotel, ideal for groups looking for cheapish accommodation, but not for those such as honeymooners looking for a 'special' experience. I would happily stay here again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1361,"mention":"bread","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":1356}]}