{"text":"Terrible service, a big dissapointment WE booked this hotel through a travel agent as a special treat for ourselves and were expecting a five star luxury hotel. We booked the hotel three months ahead and so I was expecting to be given one of the best rooms. When we arrived we were shown to a room right by the elevator and a room with very little harbour view. When I asked for another room we were told none would be available till the morning, and we would have to repack in the morning. We were staying for seven days and had bought groceries as the apartment had a full kitchen. This meant repacking all the groceries from the fridge and our bags which we did, having been told we would be moved during the day. We arrived back that evening to be told we had not been moved and would have to wait another day. We had wasted a part of our morning packing up for nothing and still weren't able to fully unpack. The next morning I spoke to the third person and found nothing had ever been logged. We were told we would be moved to a Harbour View room and had been given the most basic room because that was what our travel agent had booked. The next day the fourth manager again said there was no note on our file to mention any of these previous conversations and we would not be moved. So we finally got to properly unpack and stop wasting precious time and had to make do with our original room. During our stay I requested a newspaper three different times before we got one. All bar one of the staff were offhand and not at all helpful. We had spent the first two nights of our trip to Sydney at the Marriot Hyde Park, where the staff were friendly gave us maps, directions and found transport routes for us. In comparison the staff at the Mercure did nothing and gave the impression you were interrupting them. On top of all this the rooms were not clean. There were nuts from a previous guest on the floor and the benches were dirty. Overall an extremely disappointing experience. Having to wait four days before fully unpacking based on promises from several different managers only then to remain in our original room. We were also told as the accommodation was prepaid there was nothing they could do. Obviously it doesn't pay to prepay or book in advance. ","annotations":[]}