{"text":"Perfect vacation at Catalonia I just got back from 5 nights at Hotel Catalonia and I loved every minute of it. I went with a girlfriend, we are single in our late 20s. We booked through Expedia and had absolutely no hitches, everything went extremely smoothly and was well organized. Catalonia was beautiful and so well maintained. The front desk was effecient and everyone at the hotel works so hard and with a big smile on their face. We were especially impressed with the entertainment (animacion) team as they have so much energy and enthusiasm and really work to make everyone happy. Fernando on the team was particularly amazing, such a friendly nice guy and anyone who goes needs to chat with him. We are from US and I know no Spanish but it wasn't a problem, luckily my friend knew a little more than I did. It is a very international resort, some US but a ton of Canadians, and a lot from Europe like Germany, France, and also South America. The international flavor was nice. There were not many singles there (more couples) but there was a big young crew from Canada so we hung out with them. The nightly shows were entertaining, and we enjoyed the a la carte restaurants. We ate at the French, Mexican, and Japanese restuarants and highly recommend making reservations to the restaurants as it's all inclusive and the buffets can get old. We liked the reorts red wine! The lobby bar was fun at night and we went to the disco every night which was a good time. We also had fun at the casino and taking walks and shopping. We did not do any day trips but we went snorkeling and kayaking and got massages - all great. The beach and pool landscape was amazing. The weather was perfect the whole time, everyday so sunny and great temperature. I was at a true tropical paradise and it was the perfect vacation. I highly recommend to anyone looking to go to Punta Cana. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":656,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":652}]}