{"text":"Barcelona's best hotel option Having slated the America Hotel last year and having confessed to only having posted one bad review I thought I would try to clear my conscience and give my fellow travellers some positive reviews.Barcelona is a city close to my heart. My family are half English and half Spanish and the Spanish side live in and around Barcelona. Therefore it is a city I know very well and have seen both the good and the bad. The hotel Gran Marina definitely gets a mention in the good box.Its first positive feature is its location. Those who do not know Barcelona might very well think, looking at a map, that the hotel lies a little out of the action; but they would be wrong. The hotel is no more than a 5-10 minute (very pleasant) stroll from the beginning of Ramblas. Having stayed in many hotels I can say hand on heart that I enjoy approaching the city from the direction of the sea in the morning considerably more than walking out of my hotel directly into the throng.The hotel itself is unashamedly modern, albeit not minimalist. The reception desk gives a misleading impression of what lies beyond and is probably the most minamalist area in the hotel. It is expansive, quite cold and not particularly welcoming. On reflection it is probably the hotel's least well thought-out and therefore least endering feature. The staff, however, have always amply made up for this. Multilingual, helpful and charming I have never had cause for complaint on any of my stays. In fact, they have often gone out of their way if there has been a problem.The rooms are quite varied, but as a rule of thumb there are two things I would always advise. Firstly, ask fo a room which faces onto the rear courtyard. Whilst it is tempting to think that rooms at the front of the hotel look out to the city you can actually see very little bar the approach road that links the shore to the island upon which the hotel is built. The rooms to the rear have two advantages. Firstly they tend to be quieter, secondly many of the deluxe rooms have balconies looking into the courtyard. That leads me to my second tip; go for at least a deluxe room but never a suite. The deluxe rooms are worth the extra money, the suites are nothing more than two junior suites connected by interconnecting doors (and, unless there's four of you or you've had a falling out with your billionaire wife, what's the point of that?).The pool area at the top of the hotel gives excellent views over the sea, harbour and the city. Whilst the pool is small (but I don't think any smaller than many hotels in its class - ie the Claris) the roof area generally has a lovely feel to it. I think this is to do with the fact that you are sufficiently removed from the city to have a degree of tranquility and the fact that there is water all around. In the evening it does not, however, have the charm or the romance of the Claris roof terrace. On the first floor, however, there is a bar in an interior courtyard accessed by a bridge over a shallow pool that is, whilst no more than a modernist box, quite charming. Even so, I would not advise a romantic evening here; possibly just a cocktail before hitting the city.I have never eaten in the restaurant, but then again why would you? Barcelona has a fantastic array of restaurants for all budgets and the Barcelonetta, which has some truly outstanding seafood\/fish restaurants, is a only a short stroll along the harbour. I never understand any criticism of any hotel in Barcelona on the basis of its breakfast, lunch, dinner or lack thereof unless it is so far removed from the city as to make a short stroll to a cafe\/bar\/restaurant impossible.In short, this is a great hotel for those wanting to sample the delights of Barcleona in the comfort of a modern, but by no means soulless hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3769,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":3762}]}