{"text":"WORST HOLIDAY EVER My sis and I arrived 1st May for 3 week stay. On entering our room in building 3 we were overcome by the smell, never did work out what caused it. We had no water through the bath tap and the drain was blocked with goodness knows what. We were standing in dirty water when showering. The a\/c unit was encrusted with filth. We booked with Thomas Cook, and as their brochure stated that standard rooms only had one bed, we paid for a junior suite. We discovered that all their guests were in the same room as ours and nobody had paid the upgrade. BEWARE this is a con.My sis contracted bronchial pneumonia within 4 days of us arriving and although we have no proof, we feel the conditions in the room were a significant factor.Building work started on the floor above us and the noise was unbearable, no way my sis could rest. She ended up in hospital.There were RATS running on a daily basis between an open drain and the beach garden restaraunt, we saw them so often we named them!We informed our rep, Yo Han of all our concerns, but he was as much use as a chocolate fireguard! We did eventually manage to get moved to building 6, and guess what? That was the room we had paid the upgrade for! Unfortunately the walls are so thin in there that you could hear conversations through them. The behaviour of some guests was disgusting, resulting in security being called twice in 4 days.At the begining of our third week we had had enough,and told our rep he either get us out of there or get us on the next flight home. After offering us a refund of our upgrade fee, but insisting we stay at the hotel, we flipped out! Eventually we were moved to the Melia Caribe Tropical and what a vast difference. This is a 4*plus hotel, but compared to the supposedly 4* Punta Cana Grand it was no where near. There were at least 2 * difference.PLEASE don't think I am being a whinging brit here, I travel abroad 4 times a year and have NEVER felt the need to warn others about any hotel before. If you do decide to stay here, then you will need to bring your own sunshade, almost got to fights on the beach every morning as there just aren't enough umbrellas for the size of the hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1086,"mention":"chocolate","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":1077}]}