{"text":"Avoid at all costs I have traveled extensively throughout the world and this is one of the worst hotels I have stayed in. I have so many complaints about this hotel it's hard to know where to start. The overall theme of this hotel seems to be trendy boutique. Ha. It's more like a motel 6 with different colored paint on the cement walls. Granted, the sink in my bedroom was a slightly upgraded sink, but it's still a sink in the bedroom. We got there in the morning to be greeted by mattresses lined up outside the hotel. Seems like all the rooms were not finished yet. There were major problems at check in with some people not receiving their rooms until 5pm. I guess those were the rooms they had to finish building. One guy in our group had to lay a towel in his bathtub because the grout, which was still wet, kept coming off. As for the free internet, it is free but it doesn't work. The only way I could get a signal in my room was to stand by the door and hold my computer up and even then it kept going in and out. For people who like their room dark while they sleep, good luck. Curtains aren't hip at this hotel. Instead they have this painting that one pulls over to cover the window. Fine but it doesn't cover the whole window. I had a one foot gap at the top which was very annoying once the sun started to come up. Although, when I think about it maybe that doesn't matter as I wasn't able to sleep very well anyway. There is no air conditioning at this hotel and the room was stifling hot during the day and at night. Yes, you do have aveda products in the bathroom. I would have traded those in for a shower that works though. More water was coming out of the bathtub faucet than the showerhead. And that upgraded sink in the bedroom? They didn't upgrade anything in the bathroom. It took me asking 4 times throughout the day for a tv remote that worked. It would have been faster for me to walk to the nearest shop and by the batteries myself. Although from the look of the surrounding neighborhood, I wouldn't want to walk. This hotel is not in a decent part of town and is not near anything. They do have a shuttle car service but it's one person and one small car so if he's out somewhere else you have to wait. The gym needs a lot of work but it does fit into the motif of the whole hotel needing alot of work. No towels or water fountains so bring your own to the gym. Overall this hotel is a Motel 6 with trendy furniture. Give it a pass as there are better hotels in the phoenix area with free internet, ac, room service......things that work! ","annotations":[]}