{"text":"Would love to go back for my honeymoon! My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 4 days and 3 nights and since we were staying the country for another 4 days we almost stayed an extra night at the Excellence resort. We decided not to do that so we can look forward to next time.As soon as we arrived we were greeted by the bell hops with glasses of champagne. Matias, greeted us at the reception desk and our welcome was so impressive we did not need a lot of convincing to upgrade to the Excellence Club service they provide. Gerson took our luggage to our room with a mini tour of the restaurants and information of what to expect and what to do if we needed anything at all. After speaking to Ricardo at the Excellence Club lounge we were guided again by Gerson to our room. I had not seen the rest of the hotel or truly experienced the service and I was already feeling like a queen! The room was amazing. Everything that you expect from a top resort and more. The bed was beautifully made, everything was sparkling, clean. I highly recommend staying at this hotel. It is a very romantic place to stay if you want to propose to your significant other, celebrate an anniversary or for your honeymoon. There was a few couples getting married at the hotel while we were there. My boyfriend and I loved the service! The entertainment was fantastic and everyone was sooo friendly it made you feel very comfortable. This place really makes you completely forget about all your worries. The first night there we ate dinner at Spice and it was amazing. After dinner we headed to Kafe Kafe near the beach and had a great time with Jose, the bartender. The next day we decided to play Volleyball at the beach and Mariel played with us since none of the other guests were playing at the time. We also went bike riding with her. She also made our experience even better by being so friendly. Edgar, one of the cooks at Toscana, where we ate breakfast and lunch, was very friendly as well. The food was delicious. The last night there the hotel had a special dinner on the beach and it was the best Dominican food I have eaten and I have eaten a lot of Dominican food because I am Dominican. My boyfriend and I had a wonderful time we highly recommend this place and would love to go back. In fact we are planning to return for our next anniversary!! ","annotations":[]}