{"text":"had an awesome time! Me and 4 friends stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from July 15th to the 22nd\/07 for my stagette\/bachelorette. We all read dozens of reviews (good and bad) but in the end I found this resort to be AMAZING!! The resort itself is beautiful, the gounds were constantly being groomed, our rooms were clean, spacious and had extra amenities like a jacuzzi tub included. The mini bar was constantly being refilled but the fridge in itself wasnt very cold but the ice machine was just a few steps away and was always full. The first couple of days we were there we stayed at the pool but decided that we couldnt go all that way to Punta Cana just to sit near a pool so we stayed on the beach as much as possible which in my opinion is a much better choice. Note that though there are signs everywhere about not saving seats, most of the prime positions were saved by 9am. So if you cant beat 'em, join 'em!The guys working at the beach bar (Juan, John, Joel and Richard) were awesome!! We got amazing service. Everyone was so friendly and the bartenders would often entertain us by singing or dancing and the first day we arrived on the beach, one of them immediately came up to us to offer us cocktails. The drinks were awesome and the mamajuana (what locals call liquid Dominican Viagra) is excellent. It s a shot that goes down hard the first time but we found that it easily cured minor ailments like stomach aches ;)The food on the resort was average to good. The French restaurant was excellent all around but we were a bit disappointed by the Steakhouse and Meditaranean restaurants. Any time we werent happy with our meals, we made our way to the buffet which was always packed with fresh food and there is a theme for each night. The Tropicana shows are definitely worth watching (but its a definite family atmosphere) and the drinks at the Tropicana Bar were excellent. We also found the hotel tour rep to be really helpful and Miguel at the front desk did everything he could to accomodate us after we had some rather noisy guests in the room next to us. They were playing loud music at 330am so we called Security and the music died down (after a 2nd call to the front desk!)Overall I loved this resort. It was my first all-inclusive experience and I would definitely go back. In fact, my girlfriends and I are thinking of going again in November and making it an annual adventure. Keep in mind that 95% of the people at this resort are families or couples on their honeymoon so if you're looking for singles, this may not be the resort for you but we made the most of it and had a blast.Another quick thing I wanted to mention is that people going to the Dominican should realize that they are IN FACT in a foreign country that is Spanish speaking. I was really frustrated by tourists who got upset with hotel staff because they had problems understanding them. Be patient with them...the staff are great and do the best they can to communicate. Try and make an effort to learn some key spanish phrases before you go. And remember...saying muchas gracias (thank you very much) goes a long way!Do not hesitate to book at this resort. You will love it! ","annotations":[]}