{"text":"Great location, modern hotel apartment The other reviews do not do justice to the location. It's in St. Germain, on the river, across from the Pont Neuf and the lovely little garden Vert Galant. Turn right and you can see Notre Dame. The Louvre is five minutes walk acorss the Pont Neuf. In two minutes walk, you are at Rue de Buci with its caf√ã√\u2022√ñs, food shops and in the heart of St Germain. The Quai is busy and you will have to pay more for a premium room if you want to be at the front.We were in apartment 1001 for 3 nights, on the ground floor overlooking a small courtyard garden at the back half of the hotel. With the windows open, we could hear no traffic. There was a queen-sized bed in one bedroom, also equipped with a flat-screen TV and a small cupboard. Outside a small corridor with a much larger closet, including ironing board and vacuum cleaner, small safe and shelving. The loo is separate from the bathroom. The shower was not a power shower but the whole apartment including the bathrooms (the loo is separate) were newly renovated. When we asked for extra pillows, they were available, but the blankets were rather thin! The air conditioning is efficient, the carpets in the apartment looked like a throwback to a 1970's acid party but otherwise we could not fault the neutral decor. The second room has a sofa which detaches into two separate single beds - and they were comfortable, unlike most sofa beds. They were easy to put away to use the room as a sitting room during the day. This room also contained a large desk and extra table which could be easily set up for eating. There were four chairs and another flat screen TV. (French channels plus MTV, CNN, BBC World).The kitchen was small but immaculate with a fridge, dishwasher, microwave\/oven, extractor and two hot plates and more than enough plates, glasses, pots and pans to meet the requirements of four people. If you are looking for a romantic paris experience, with blowsy chinz curtains and deep romantic beds, this is not the hotel for you (although this is certainly the arondissement you should be staying in). But for anyone wanting a short city break, especially families, this is a great deal, especially since you have a fully functioning kitchen and are surrounded by fabulous food shops. Eating out - and taking drinks in caf√ã√\u2022√ñs can quickly get expensive so you can save some money if only by eating breakfast in your room (don't ear the hotel breakfast in the lobby). The bakeries on the Rue de Buci open early, every day. There are three computers in the lobby and connections in the rooms (although we didn't use this). There's a parking garage under the hotel and laundry machines in the basement.There was a slight drawback about noise - not from the street but the apartment doors to the corridor were thin and we sometimes heard people in the corridor. When you are sleeping, this is less of a problem as you can shut the bedroom door and have the small internal corridor between to act as a buffer. The plumbing was also a bit noisy from the rooms above - something I've only ever encountered before in older hotels in the district. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":456,"mention":"premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":449}]}