{"text":"Honeymoon at Argonaut My husband and I stayed at the Argonaut 2 separate times during our honeymoon in San Francisco and Napa Valley. Our first night there was a gift from my parents and we had the large suite with a view of Alcatraz. Then, after returning from Napa, we stayed in a regular room with a view of the rooms across the way (the cheaper rooms). We really enjoyed the suite with the view and the cheaper room was still nice, but a lot smaller and with, obviously no view. The Argonaut was in a great tourist location. Very close to Fisherman's Wharf and in a really quiet area too. When we arrived, they had given us a bottle of wine and a card congratulating us on our marriage, which was very nice. We did have two problems while there. 1. Our first night there we had dinner reservations at Gary Danko. My husband requested their express dry cleaning service on a pair of pants he had planned to wear that evening. They promised the pants by 6:00 and we went out walking the city all day. When we returned at 7:00, the pants were not in the room. We called the front desk and the dry cleaning service was closed, so we did not receive the pants when we needed them. They arrived while we were at dinner, but it was too late. At checkout, the dry cleaning was on our bill, but they removed the charge right away when I mentioned our problem with the service.2. We ordered room service our first morning and were told they were busy and it would be about 45 minutes. We said that was fine. At 45 minutes on the nose, they called and told us it would be at least an additional half an hour for our food. When the food arrived, they had not charged us for our drinks, so they were kind about the long wait, but that was an extremely long time to wait for some eggs and oatmeal. Other than that, we very much enjoyed our stay. If you don't want to spend extra money on the suite and view, the smaller room without a view was just lovely too. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1786,"mention":"oatmeal","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Oatmeal"],"startOffset":1779}]}