{"text":"It was excellent in every way This was our first time to the Dominican Republic. We wanted a getaway wedding and a honeymoon all in one, and we found it in this utopia called Excellence Resort. From the very first day there we felt right at home. The decor, the ambience, the people--very friendly and polite--the foods, the temperature, the level of service and the overall warmth of the place was just absolutely fantastic. Our Wedding Co-ordinator, Ms. Ana Rivas, was amazing, she was patient and understanding and she ensured that we received what we wanted. We had the VIP package. Our big day went without incident, the day was perfect and the Gazebo was the ideal backdrop. Our photographer, Arnaldo was quite the professional. We have some breath-taking shots and some spectacular photos. Thank Arnaldo. All of this could not have happened without her steady involvement. Thank you Ana.If you are planning a getaway wedding Excellence Resort in Punta Cana is the place to do it. You will never regret it. Now I have a lifetime of memories and cherished friendships.There was never a dull moment at Excellence Resort, we played tennis, went horseback riding and enjoyed the amenities in the Spa. Nativadad was my Facialist, and she was great, you should ask for her, he was gentle, thorough and very professional. My face was revived after seeing her. My husband had the swedish massage, but preferred the deep tissue massage, because he likes the intensity of the back rub. Overall he was pleased with his service. Sarah, who works in the Spa was the sweetest, I have never met anyone who was just so willing to go the mile. Odelis, Carolina, Virginia was incredibly friendly and warm. Ornelis, my hairdresser, made me look like a princess and I have the pictures to prove it. She was hands-on and very knowledgeable. We lived in the Spa--we tried the Thermal Circuit everyday, and it was electrifying! You should definitely try this and ask for these ladies, you will not be disappointed. Amarilus, was my pedicurist and she knows her stuff--I had the foot heaven pedicure, and my feet literally danced. She was friendly, personable and just an amazing person. She gives you what you want and expects nothing. She truly understands customer service.We went out on excursions on the Catamaran and on the Safari--both exotic and interesting. The Catamaran was a real treat for us and the color of the ocean was breath-taking and very calm. The foods were well prepared and extremely gratifying. We ate at all of the restaurants, and we had the pleasure of getting to know Marlin, who would seat us at the Toscana--fabulous restuarant! Everything about this place you will like. Marlin is always smiling and is always warm. Yolaine and Jennifer were great as well.I could go on and on, but I do not want to seem as though I'm yapping too much, it is just that we had such a terrific time that I cannot stop talking about it. The Bellboy, Carlos, was such a gentleman and he was quite the caterer. He went all out to take care of us. We felt like royalties in this place. In the evenings we were entertained by Domingo, the Saxophonist who blew groovy jazz and some finger snapping tunes. He serenaded us at our wedding and he was a natural. His energy was amazing and his windpipes were simply mind-blowing. He was par excellence. We bought his CDs, he was that awesome. Our Chambermaids--Miledy and Rosa, were honest, detail-oriented and delightful. They always wore a smile and were always feeling excellent. My spanish got stronger from being there and I just loved it.How can we not go back, after such wonderful memories and such a good time. We will be back for sure. ","annotations":[]}