{"text":"Was alright, although I'd never return Myself, my fiance, and another couple decided to take a trip to the D.R, and since this was in our price range, we decided to go to the Riu Taino. It was our first trip ever, so we had no clue what to expect. Before I start let me just say that I now know that I need to do research on the resort before actually going.PROS- very quick checkin, bell boys very helpful - they met you as soon as you got off the bus and took your luggage where-ever it needed to go. -all staff was very friendly and kind, especially the bartenders-room was clean - everything worked the way it was suppose to -mini-bar in room was stocked daily. if you tipped the staff that was refilling, you could have whatever you wanted (i.e. switch the beer for pepsi)-the beach was gorgeous! there were plenty of loungers to go around so we didn't have to wait for anyone to leave-the main pool was awesome - located right off the reception and between 2 of the restaurants (one being outdoors so you didn't have to change if you wanted something to eat)-breakfast was really good, had lots to choose from and always hotCONS-food wasn't the best, and very repetitive. Some thing were very questionable as to what they were....-nightly entertainment wasn't the greatest. There were always shoes, but some of them really sucked-having to check out at 11am really sucked considering our bus wasn't scheduled to pick us up until 6pm-be careful when booking activities. We had booked quite a few with someone who represented the agency we went with, and one of them was cancelled and you'd think that someone would show up at the meeting area to tell you this so you don't wait around for an hour or more .. but no. We eventually got the hint and went back to the resort. We did get our money back tho!! Also, we had booked horseback riding and we waited an extra 45 minutes only to find out by a different person that was scheduling trips that our rep didn't even schedule a pickup for us for the horseback riding. -while trying to relaxing on the beach, we contantly got harrassed by people trying to sell necklaces and bracelets which were WAYYY too expensive (but you could haggle them tho) -the disco would open at 10pm, but it wouldn't actually get going until around 2am and you had to pay for your own drinks, when we were told that our drinks would be included...The other thing that really sucked was when we first arrived at the hotel, we can at the tail end of Tropical Storm Noah? (i think that's what it was called) so it poured for 3 days non stop - but the hotel obviously couldn't control this, so we dealt with it. Next time we'll do our hurricane research, that's for sure!! lolAll and all it was an alright time. I personally wouldn't go back. There wasn't much to do and we didn't want to go off the resort on our own because it looked very sketchy (i know it's a 3rd world country, but I just didn't feel safe) ","annotations":[]}