{"text":"Has to be one of the world's best hotels! We have been staying at the Shangri La, Singapore since 1972 and it just keeps getting better and better! On this last trip we also stayed at the Oriental in Bangkok, the Shangri La in Bangkok, the Park Hyatt in Sydney and the Conrad in Brisbane. As far as I am concered the Shagri La in Singapore beats them all.Our inbound Qantas flight from Frankfurt to Singapore was very late (4 hours). Despite that, the Shangri La driver was waiting for us outside Customs and we were met at the door of the hotel by a manager. Less than one hour after touch down we were in our room. This first stay was in the Tower Wing (the original wing of the hotel) and was for one night between our flight in from Frankfurt and on to Bangkok. Our room had been recently renovated and was lovely. We had a very good night's sleep and a delicious breakfast at The Line before heading off to the airport again to go to Bangkok.Our second stay on this trip was longer, and we were in the Garden Wing, which is our favourite. Unfortunately our inbound flight, this time from Brisbane was also late (7.5 hours late!) due to mechanical problems which seem to plague Qantas right now. Instead of arriving at 7.30pm on the Sat night we arrived at 2.30am on the Sunday! Nonetheless the Shangri La driver was there waiting for us outside Customs!! He got us to the hotel very fast (no traffic!) and we were in bed by 3.45am. We love the Garden Wing because of the balconies. Here again our room had recently been renovated and looked lovely. The Garden Wing reception staff knew our names by the second day and were extremely helpful in terms of providing us with information etc. We ate the The Line - we just love it!! - for breakfast and two dinners.We find the Shangri La to be very convenient to Orchard Road - about 10 mins walk to the MRT station there and 5 mins to the top of Orchard Rd where the shops start - but enough out of the the way to be an oasis of green. I just can't imagine staying anywhere else in Singapore, though in the past I have. We'll be back in Jan '10 and I can't wait!!One more thing - we booked the Value rate. That included: two airport limo transfers; daily breakfasts; all the laundry and dry cleaning we needed to have done; local phone calls and broadband access as well as a 6pm checkout on the final day. This cost us around SGD140 more than the rack rate and we think it is well worth it! ","annotations":[]}