{"text":"Tiny room, lousy service, great location Firstly, I don't know how every site could be so wrong about a hotel. I happened to find a really great deal on the hotel on some site and was excited to go to this hotel. My boyfriend and I stayed there in early November after reading so many great reviews online and we were expecting a fabulous gothic and modern hotel. We were so wrong! I admit, the location is excellent: close to the museums, chic shopping, and the city center. Not in the middle of all the chaos but close enough. That's about where my compliments end.Let's start at the beginning. We arrived late in the evening and we were expecting to order room service. No room service after 11 pm or something ridiculous like that. When we asked the girl at the front desk if she knew of any restaurants that would be open, she said she didn't know any restaurants that would be open at that hour. After going back and forth with her she finally got the bell boy to tell us that McDonalds was open down the street. We walked out and it was raining. I went to the same girl and asked if they had any umbrellas for guests. There was a big box of umbrellas behind her. She said that they were out of umbrellas. I mentioned that there is a box behind her. She replied that they were for sale and I could buy one. I said I only wanted to use it to go down the street and as a paying guest, the hotel could afford to loan me one for 10 minutes. I can skip the rest and simply say, I got very VERY wet that evening.The room was really small. The furniture was in bad shape. Not modern at all. Somewhat dirty with strands of hair in the drawers and on the carpet. OK bathroom (clean and functioning). The people across from us were constantly ordering room service and the dirty trays were left all over the hallway all day long which was kind of gross. The final incident was the morning we were checking out. Our flight was at 4 pm and we requested a late check out. The woman at the desk said that it would be 25 Euros an hour which is something I've never been told at any hotel (even $10 youth hostels I've stayed at!) I would have preferred that she said the hotel was booked and unfortunately couldn't accomodate our late check out. Pretty tacky, if you ask me. It gets worse. We asked the front desk to confirm out seats and flight. The girl said that she couldn't do it. Why, you might ask? Her response was that it was really hard to get through to the airline and she didn't want to wait on the phone for a long time. Hello?!?! What kind of front desk person says that? If you weren't into customer service why would you get a job at a front desk of a hotel??? Needless to say, we spoke with the manager who was very helpful and took care of it. Of course, when we returned from walking around the town one last time, we asked the girl if everthing is ok for our flight. Her response was, Everything is confirmed. You know, these days you don't have to call and confirm flights. I was kind of shocked but at that point not surprised. ","annotations":[]}