{"text":"Not as enthusiastic I stayed here a week on a business trip so my review is moderated by the fact that I saw more than most visitors.The hotel has Singapore Airlines as a customer so it would be of a reasonable standard.LOCATION:It is true that the hotel is fairly well located--10 minutes brisk walk (no way can you make it in 5 as someone claimed, and I am a brisk walker--you can feel the breeze I create when I pass you) to the Darling Harbour.There is also a foodcourt below the hotel after you walk out of the building.But the hotel is on a one-way street with no proper driveway space outside the hotel--you park under the monorail, get out on the wrong side of the road, and then get to the hotel. So the bus makes a detour every time in heavy traffic to get to the hotel.Most of the shops around the hotel close at 6.30 pm. As do most restaurants except for a Japanese one with reasonable food but poor service.ROOM:The room is very comfortable indeed. I was hoping for a water view but alas, I was not that fortunate.Possibly the only complaint is that the alarm clock was difficult to set and I'm pretty good at such things. So I resorted to calling the operator for a 5 am call.HOTEL SERVICES:I had the same identical breakfast for the week. Somehow, that is tolerable at home but not in a hotel. I'm surprised at this weak spot given that the food in Australia is fresh and relatively cheap compared with Singapore.A strange phenomenon is that I had to ask for a teaspoon for my coffee every morning. It's somehow the protocol--don't put on a teaspoon unless they ask. The gym is all right although I would not describe it as state of the art. There is a tiny pool.WEAK SPOT:The wired broadband is not cheap. I had the day rate of $24.99. I was told that after 4 days, it would be rounded up to the weekly rate of $99.99. Before checking out, I found that the hotel had billed me everyday at $24.99 a day. I clarified with the reception and they said, ok, we will bill you for four days. But the following day when my colleague went to pay, it was back to $24.99x7. That got sorted but I wonder what would have happened had I not raised the issue.The hotel shares the building with apartments. So everyday, it was: get to Floor 8, walk across the lobby, and then insert card to get to desired floor. It's a bit of a hassle when you are tired at the end of the day.My self-closing door could not close properly and I was not aware of it the first day so it was ajar for much of the time I was out that day. I had to slam the door each time I left. It took 5 days of me nagging the chambermaid to get that fixed.CONCLUSIONSo I won't rave about this hotel. It's not a bad hotel. But in all probability, I would ok it for a friend but I myself would probably not stay there. There must be more beautiful hotels in one of my favourite world cities, Sydney. ","annotations":[]}