{"text":"RHO maybe for hard of hearing seniors First I want to start with problems will happen in any business. It is what you do to resolve those problems that separate the pros from the hacks.The RHO has a great location . After that ? They need to step it up two notches. The plumbing makes loud noises all night with toilets running cutting on and off and the pipes clanging (quite annoying). The breakfast is OK. The place is basically worn out from the keys to the beds. Hasn't been updated since the 70's. If you are going to Amsterdam to partake in the local coffee shops I would stay away from the RHO. They have a TOTAL non smoking policy. In fact, they are quite judgmental about Marijuana Smokers. Now this is one of the worst experiences I have ever had in my life. My last night when I went back to the room at about 8:30 to grab some cash and head back out the room safe wouldn't open (not attached and could be carried right out by anyone). O-K, everything of value I had in Amsterdam was in this safe. I am diabetic and some of the medicine I take was in the safe. This is where it gets unbelievable. The night manager took 30 minutes to finally come look at my safe. He looked at it and said they would have to drill it. I told him I needed in the safe. He then gets belligerent and accuses me of doing something to the safe and that I had been smoking pot in the room (I hadn't). He called me a druggy for smoking pot in Amsterdam. Tries to put me on the defensive when it was their safe that was broken. Finally he says it will be an hour before someone could open it. I can deal with that. I check with the front desk after about 30 minutes and the manager was no where to be found and flunkies at front desk are telling me it would be the next morning before they could open the safe. I told them I needed to take my medicine and also needed money out of the safe. They just gave me the finger. I couldn't believe it. I had to settle for the next morning at 7:00 when I needed to take my big medicine. Went to front desk at 7:00. He told me nobody available. I informed him I needed my medicine and let me know as soon as someone got there. It wasn't until 8:30 that they would open my safe. My hands are shaking because I needed my diabetes medicine. The reason they waited until 8:30 was to wait for the manager so she could see inside my safe to see if they could figure out a way to blame me for it. Going up to the room she said that I smoked too much pot and that I did something to the safe. No care about diabetes. Took 2 seconds to drill the damn safe open! Bad battery! Couldn't blame that on me! Now I have had some strange experiences at Hotels but I have never been locked away from both my medicine and my valuables by people that didn't give a crap and had bad attitudes. Shouldn't they be ready for safe problems 170 rooms = 170 old safes. Like I say, difference between pros and hacks! ","annotations":[]}