{"text":"2.5 stars Masqerading as a 4 Not a 4 star in my book, but of course this is always subjective to the travelers expectations and perhaps mine were just too high. I recently stayed at Intercontinental San Juan Resort and was thoroughly disappointed. We were not told when you book the room that they will charge a hold on your credit card of $100.00 per night for incidential fee for each day that you stay. The pool chair cushions had numerous stains  bird feces. The streets needed repairs, there were abandon buildings in the area, your local homeless people  only one authentic Puerto Rician restaurant in the area. Overall, the hotel and staff was nice and the room was just okay..nothing spectacular. The beach, due to storms and inclimate weather conditions had massive seaweed and ocean debris and look extremely unpleasing to swim in. Pretty scenery, but way too much seaweed. I did not appreciate the hotel adding a 15% gratuity to every purchase that was made to my bill without my consent and or initial knowledge. The pool consistently had leaves from the overhead trees in it  were not cleaned out to my knowledge hourly. The pool area did not have any music  there was minimal night life in the existing area. The communication between staff members was appalling  non existent. The cab rides\/fares fluxuated $2-4 per every ride to same destinations. the cabbies are supposed to work in zones, but we discovered that some drivers are dishonest to tourists because they don't think they know any better. I found this part to be very frustrating. On the hotel premises you are not allowed to bring outside food to their pool area only out to the public beach are you able to eat outside food. They want you to eat and drink from their restaurants on site. the water in our room had turned luke warm for about an hour and the water pressure in the shower was terrible. All the food is very pricey. Everyday we had to call the front desk to have them send up towels and washclothes. I am extremely disappointed and dissatisfied with my hotel stay and will not be a Hotwire consumer due to this negative hotel experience. ","annotations":[]}