{"text":"Save your money, sanity and time..avoid this hotel We arrived at the Normandie on 4\/28\/08. From the outside and lobby, it is a beautiful old hotel. But once you enter the rooms, watch out. When we arrived on 4\/28\/08, we unpacked our clothes etc only to find out later on about an non-working TV set. Instead of the hotel replacing the tv, they had us repack all of our luggage and slep to another room. Once in that room, we turned on the tv....unpacked and put our luggage away. Guess what, the fridge in the room did not work. We called the front desk and they replaced the broken fridge with a working one. All was great until the next morning. We woke up for a flooded bathroom. We were then directed to pack up again and move to yet another room. When in the third room, we notice the fridge was not working in THAT room either. They replaced the fridge again. We showered, put the door tag up for fresh towels and left for our day beginning now at 10:30am. Upon arriving back at 5:30pm, the room was STILL unmade, no towels etc. Two hours went by and finally someone came to make up the room. Wednesday was uneventful. Thursday evening, we decided to order room service. Upon delivering the food, we noticed RAW chicken, Raw Vegetables and COLD sausage side. When we called room service and said they slop would be outside the room, they sent up, what could best be described as a comediene who thought the whole experience was the funniest thing she had seen in recent years. We called the room service manager who said he was told the food was bad and really did not want to hear it again. So much for customer service. When she was later asked what was so funny, she was just nervous and laughs out loud when nervous. Spoke to the manager Friday morning and was reimbursed 2 nights. I would recommend staying outside in the rain, outside in extreme heat or in a tent before I would tell someone to stay at this dump. Between the filthy stained furniture, stained rugs, mildew smell in the rooms, disgusting windows crusted with bird droppings and the terrible staff, it was a wasted week in paradise.Stay somewhere else! ","annotations":[]}