{"text":"Perfect Location in Venice - Michele ROCKS! We would recommend this hotel to ANYONE and EVERYONE traveling to Venice. Since we came in by train and available transportion in Venice is by boat or on foot, the location couldn't be more perfect. Not only is the termini an excellent reference point to always find your way back to the hotel, if you have heavy bags as we did, your only challenge is hauling luggage up and down the steps of the bridge!Michele was an excellent host and local resource for us. He recommended two wonderful restaurants which we enjoyed each night of our stay and Antiche Figure had a warm and inviting atmosphere. They are not kidding when they describe the balcony as small but having the view of the Canal and large windows to enjoy the canal activity and landscape of Venice was an excellent treat.A cautionary word for travelers interested in visiting Murano. One of the things that I really wanted to do while in Venice was a visit to a Murano glass factory. The front desk informed us that we could arrange a private pick up from outside of our hotel and the driver would take us directly to Murano, free of charge. If you are into handsome Italian men, this place is for YOU. Our Italian Stallion ushered us into the factory to watch a SHORT demonstration of glass blowing by a master (who was drinking beer at 10:30am inbetween demonstrations and seeking tips for his 5 minutes of work). Then we were escorted into the show room where a well-dressed 50-something man invited us to look around and choose something that we like without worring about cost. Although we chose a piece to remember our honeymoon trip, it felt a little like lambs to the slaughter. This became extremely evident when it was recommended that instead of returning to Venice right away, we should make our next stop (another free boat ride) Burano where they make lace. We only had 3 days\/2 nights in Venice and didn't realize that this excursion would require 4+ hours. Burano is beautiful and we would say that this is worth the time if you have time. However, if you are limited and enjoy history and the landscape of Venice, we would suggest sticking with the cultural highlights and save Murano\/Burano for a longer visit to Venice. ","annotations":[]}