{"text":"Great Experience at a Great Location My teenage daughter and I wanted to visit Paris, and when I couldn't get into a few hotels recommended by friends, I decided to take a chance with the TripAdvisor reviewers. They and the hotel did not dissappoint!We stayed for over a week, probably longer than the average stay. The room was kept clean, with fresh towels, and the bed was even turned down most nights. I particularly liked the ability to control the air conditioning by thermostat in my room.Probably their most special asset is the front desk staff - always cheerful and helpful. After a few days my daughter kept commenting how she felt we were going home to our place in Paris. They have an odd system of making you turn in the front desk key when you leave, but we never had to wait to hand it in or retrieve it. The front desk also sells the two or four day Paris Museum Pass, which I highly recommend for adults in order to bypass long lines at the popular places.Our room did overlook the Avenue Marceu, which I was somewhat concerned about because of the noise experience from other reviewers. We did hear some noise, but most of the time we had no trouble sleeping - sometimes until 10 am. The room has a small safe, which was big enough to hold my 12 laptop with other items.There is free WiFi in the lobby only (but it will sometimes reach the rooms), and one free laptop permanently in the lobby which was usually available. I was able to print my return boarding passes by saving a pdf to a USB drive and taking it to the front desk (they will lend you one if needed).The location is great - not next to anything particular but in the middle of everything if you don't mind walking and taking the Metro or RER. The only time we took a taxi was to and from the airport (we had heavy luggage for a long stay). It was about a 5 minute walk to the Champs where we could catch the Metro, or a 10 minute walk down Marceu and across the bridge for the RER to Versailles.I am sure the hotel management watches TripAdvisor like hawks, so I will make a few minor suggestions. Some type of chest of drawers or even shelves would be nice, as I wound up having to leave small\/folded items in my suitcase. An alarm clock radio in the room would be useful. Also, why not just make the Wifi available for free throughout the hotel? ","annotations":[]}