{"text":"Terrible service - don't stay here! My friend and I decided to stay at this hotel after reading a review of it in the New York Times. Unfortunately, our stay there turned out to be a horrible experience.On our first day at the hotel, we asked the front desk to book us a tour for the following evening. We were assured that it would be taken care of. The next morning, we dropped by the front desk to check on the status of the tour, and were told that while it had not yet been booked, it would be done and we were to report to the lobby that evening for the tour. We came by in the evening as told, and found out that the tour had never been booked!We were angry and disappointed at having our plans fall through, but decided to give it another try. We asked the front desk to book us a tour for the next day. This time, the tour was indeed booked, but the front desk quoted us the wrong price - repeatedly. We were told that the cost was $110 for the two of us - we even checked twice to make sure that this was correct - but in the end, the tour guide told us that the cost of the tour was $110 per person. We felt disgusted and let down by the incompetence of the hotel's front desk.In addition, when we went down to the front desk to make known our bad experiences, we encountered another couple whom the hotel had lost the luggage of, forgetting which room it had been brought to. They had to do a room-by-room search to locate the luggage. Yet another two people we encountered had been allocated a room that, it seemed, had already been allocated to someone else. Such incompetence is terribly unseemly of a hotel that has had so many positive reviews in various places.The final insult was when we asked to see a manager to make our concerns known, the manager in question treated us with the utmost disrespect, brushing off our comments and not taking us seriously. Her only response to us was, so do you want me to book you into another hotel?In conclusion, our experience at the Hotel El Convento was a complete nightmare, and I am writing this review to warn fellow travelers about the terrible service there in the hopes that they will not have the same awful experience that my friend and I did. ","annotations":[]}