{"text":"Awesome Spot Just returned from the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana,We got upgraded to the Premiere Section - my understanding was that section was adults only, and it is not. There were many children there. That did not bother us in the least, but it might for others who are not expecting that.  Premiere section was really nice. You get 4 a la carte restaurant bookings and free internet and a smaller guest ratio for the facilities. Slippers and robes are supplied. They have their own buffet, and snack bar and pool etc. It is farthest from the beach though, but there are regular trams running or your can walk to the big lobby and take the trams from there.We were celebrating our anniversary and there was a bottle of champagne on ice when we arrived and a fruit platter, 2 golf shirts, 2 baseball hats and a bottle of rum. It was really nice.The restaurants we went to were Paris, Japanese, Mexican and Italian. Our favorite was Paris and least favorite the Mexican. When booking your a la carte restaurants, make sure you find out what the buffet theme is first. We missed the seafood one and the Mexican one. The buffet is well managed and always lots to choose from. We did not get sick at all, and ate freely. Make sure to book them as soon as you get there, as they fill up quickly. We ordered wine with our a la carte dinners. It did not cost that much and we really enjoyed a nice bottle rather than the house wine as it is not that good. They just charge the wine to your room so you pay at check out.Staff were great, so eager to please and understand. We carried our Spanish dictionary with us which really helped. These people work really hard and they really earn the tips and appreciate them. The service is good whether you tip or not, but we tipped and they really appreciated it.Rooms are great and the maid was super. We tipped with sweet treats we brought from home and some cash. Contrary to reviews I have read before, we never had a problem getting lounges, however we always went to the beach. If you want shade you have to be there earlier, but I got a shelter at 8 am when I came down. There were always excess. The beach is beautiful....what can I say.The gym is small but it does the trick. We had 3 days of not so great weather, and still had an awesome time. You have to go a long way not to enjoy this resort. The only bad thing that happened on this trip was that we flew with SkyService. They were delayed on our way home and by the time we left Punta Cana they knew that we could not land in Montreal due to the noise laws that planes can't land after 1 am. Same with Toronto, so they landed at 2 am into Hamilton Airport, where they left us with no details as to when we would leave. 180 people in a very small airport with very few benches, children, wheelchairs etc, and the flight crew dissappeared. I will never fly with them again by choiceAll in all it was a great trip and we will definitely return to the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana and highly recommend it.Betty  Dave Burton ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1395,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1391},{"endOffset":1395,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1391}]}