{"text":"Loved it and can't wait to go back! My boyfriend and I went to the Carabela Resort and it was quite the experience! My boyfriend is white and am puerto-rican and he was very nervous and it worked out perfectly. There are people down there that are very fleunt in several languages; spanish of course, english, french, and german. When you arrive you have to get everything checked like any airport and pay $10.00 each in US dollars for your tourist fee, don't put it away they are going to ask for it before you leave the airport.(They actually ask for it and shred it)Why? Who knows? Then after that you are about to leave and all you see is a swarm of people trying to get you to go with them. Please make sure you hold on to your bags and if you are going to let someone help you do not lose sight of it. After that its the craziest ride of your life! I don't know what the speed limit is but they drive fast and crazy. When we go to the Resort they where very fast and efficient and we had a great room! Buiding 10 a new building and it was great! The balcony view was perfect. They have a buffet which was great different varieties which I loved! Now these are the times for the buffet breakfast 7am-10am, lunch 12pm-3pm, dinner 7pm-10pm. There is also a snack bar we never went but i didn' t hear any complaints. They also have three restuarants that you do have to make reservations for call a day in advance they fill up quick. Now quick basic things that you might want to know; get a safe its definitely worth it, calls are pricey $1.00 connect fee, t.v. does have basic channels so you won't feel to distant from home. One quick thing this resort has a beautiful beach and a great view and atmospere. Before I forget theres Atms there but they give you pesos only so don't even use it. Theres a bank at the front desk they can change money for you. One US dollar is (37.60) in pesos. Doesn't do much trust me. You can also buy souvenirs at the resort not to much of a price difference from buying outside. The weather is very humid very hot. There are the occasional thunderstorms that last about 10 mins. max. The pools are great and clean and let me not forget very warm. We had a great tourist representive if you wanna do any outside activities you should always go through them. They are alot safer. We would definitely recommend an excursion we went to Soana Island that was amazing and affordable. Water is clear and sand is white. My overall experience for both of us was amazing I would reccomend this resort anytime to any one. So I hope you like it and travel safe always. Adios! ","annotations":[]}