{"text":"Never did figure out the lighting... We arrived at the Flamenco on the evening of Jan. 25. We were the last of the bus, and last in line. Suddenly, 2 staff members were asking for 5 volunteer couples. It seemed that the hotel was overbooked (not for the first time, either, after reading other reviews). They offered to take us to a 5 star resort for 2 nights and then bring us back. They also offered us 7 nights complimentary stay for a return trip. We liked this deal and took it.When it was time to return to the Flamenco, there was quite a bit of disorganization, but we finally made it back. We wasted an afternoon waiting for the bus and checking in. That doesn't seem like much time, but it is when you only have a week vacation. Anyway, we finally got to our room. It was a large room, very clean and with new beds. We have no complaints about the cleanliness of our room. The only thing we never figured out was how the lighting switches worked - it seemed that turning the lights on and off was different every time. We actually found it quite amusing.Most of the staff was friendly. The only time we encountered problems was at the front desk. We had asked to see a staff member about our compensation letter, and we were kept waiting 20 minutes. Not impressed at all. They still need a lot of learning as far as customer service is considered. The one expception to this, though, was Ruth Ester, the guest services manager. We were very impressed with her customer service skills. She took a lot of questions and concerns and answered them with patience and respect. Her command of languages was awesome; she switched back and forth between Spanish, French and English effortlessly! This young lady should be a excellent customer service rep model to the rest of the staff!Other than that, the beach and ocean were beautiful! You have to make sure, though, if you want a beach chair to be there early in the morning to save a chair, or you're out of luck. The pools were clean and well kept.For the most part, we ate at the buffet. The food was good; they did well keeping it fresh and hot. On our last evening, we thought we had hit the jackpot! As much as you could eat shrimp and lobster. It was excellent! The crepes with fruit were very good as well. We did eat one evening at the Mexican restaurant -- we didn't actually have a reservation, but we happened to be outside the restaurant and decided to see if they'd let us in. They were very accommodating and we had a good meal. The staff was also very helpful and entertaining.The evening entertainment was good as well, especially the Michael Jackson show. It was quite funny, though, when the cast was performing the last number -- lights, fireworks, music etc. and the lights went out in the whole resort! Luckily, there was a full moon and it was quite bright. We think that the power failure is a common occurrence, because the lights were back on in a matter of minutes.So, all in all, we had a nice vacation. We are going back to take advantage of our free 7 nights later this year! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2233,"mention":"crepes","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cr%C3%AApe"],"startOffset":2227},{"endOffset":2975,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2971}]}