{"text":"Amazing room and view at the Hyatt I hesitated a bit giving this hotel an Excellent rating, since I have a difficult check-in experience, but on balance I really enjoyed the hotel and would highly recommend it. First, the good: The hotel is in a great location, near all the shopping action of downtown and within walking distance of all major attractions. We stayed at the hotel a full week and never once needed or wished for a car.  Most importantly, our room was spectacular. I can be a tough hotel critic but there's simply no way one could complain about this room: high-end finishes, a beautiful foyer area, large sitting area, two tvs, automatic shades, plush king bed, etc. etc. The views were glorious: We had a sweeping view of downtown and the bay to the south, and an unobstructed view of the Space Needle to the west.  I should mention that we booked a so-called Emerald Suite and stayed on the 27th floor. For those who can splurge a little, I would highly recommend this; the room size and views on the higher floors are worth the price. We paid $470 a night, which is a lot, but I kept thinking a comparable room with comparable views in NYC would probably cost nearly a thousand. I suspect the lower floors don't have quite the views but enjoy the same impressive finishes, furnishings, and bedding.  Now the bad: Our check-in process was so inefficient it was actually comical. We arrived after a cruise at 9:30am, which was understandably way too early. The desk staff said to come back for our room around noon, so we headed out , took our time to be respectful, and returned around 2:30pm. Still no room, but we were told the cleaning service was in the room and it would be ready shortly; the staff asked for our cell phone number and said they would call soon. We went out for lunch, and over an hour later still no room, and no phone call. We stopped back again, and were told ten more minutes. So, we waited within view of the front desk, and 25 minutes later no one had approached us and the staff member who had been dealing with us was now gone. Anyway, in the grand scheme of things it was not the end of the world, and based on other postings on TripAdvisor this was clearly an abberation. So, we're staying with the Excellent rating, but will be curious to see if future reviewers have similar experiences. Overall, notwithstanding the odd check-in experience, for location, room quality, and views, this hotel simply can't be beat. ","annotations":[]}