{"text":"Great Hotel in Superb Location Just returned from 4 nights at the Montcada. Lots of great things to say about it:We weren't sure about where to be based in the city and plumped for somewhere in the Old Town. The Montcada was an excellent choice therefore and it was in easy walking of the Ramblas, Placa Cataluna and near lots of good eateries, shops etc. The nearest metro was across the road. Having got to know the city a little bit, we were glad we didn't stay elsewhere because it meant that we could wonder 'home' late at night without an unnecessarily long trip or using taxi's or other transport. The location also felt safe (safer than Ramblas anyway). We met an English couple who were staying on the Ramblas and after 4 days their impression of Barcelona was that it was 'seedy'. I think this is because they started and ended their days on the Ramblas and spent loads of time there, and it wasn't our impression at all, excpet that like most city's there are seedier areas.The hotel is lovely, clean and efficient. We got a great internet rate which included breakfast for E5 (euros) pp and the bottle of cava and fruit. We weren't going to have the breakfast included thinking we would eat it out everyday, but were really glad we did and at that price. The breakfast buffet is the best I have ever seen in any hotel. Lots of fresh fruit, pastries, cereals, juices, cheese's, meats, hot food etc. It set us up for the day and stopped us having to wonder the streets looking for somewhere (and stopped my partner being irritable with me waiting for me to be ready - because he could get started without me!!).The room is clean and the bathroom was lovely and supplied with lots of toiletries. We were expecting the room to be TINY after the reviews I had read. Whilst it wasn't the largest hotel room in the world, it was absolutely fine, consisting of a double bed, 2 sideboards, built-in wardrobe. a desk, chair, TV, mini-bar. We were out most of the time and only used it for sleeping and washing, and if you wanted to hang out there were other lounges in the hotel where you could do so. The only thing I would have wanted in the room was a decently comfortable armchair...sadly lacking in many hotel rooms. The maid put fresh flowers in the room on day 2 and when the vase broke was super efficient and friendly about clearing it.In fact all the hotel staff were friendly and they all spoke English. Check in and out was simple and they held our luggage on the last day while we went to see the last of the city. The only problem I had with this was that they photocopied our credit card on check-in and took our credit card details twice and I had to ask for the copy of the first time they did it which was done incorrectly. I don't think we had been conned at all, just that we are more rigorous in the UK about these things.Thankfully we weren't pickpocketed or anything else like that. When we were checking out at the hotel a couple came in looking distressed and said someone had just taken something from their backpack. The receptionist told us this is a regular occurrance and the pickpockets can 'smell' when they will have a success. The hotel literature mentioned that someone throwing things at your shirt and saying you have a stain is a common way to pickpocket. We 'wore' bags across our body rather than backpacks and were obviously cautious...and probably lucky.The best restaurant we found was La Fonda near the hotel...ask the hotel for directions. All the meals we had were good, if expensive. La Fonda was good food, good prices, good service and long queues.All in all we were worn out by Barcelona...Park Guell, Picasso Museum, Miro Foundation, Barcelonetta, the two Gaudi houses, cathedral, familia sagrada, shopping, eating and drinking. The hotel helped us to stay relaxed and rested. Oh BTW, good views from the hotel terrace, but very expensive mohito's from there! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1360,"mention":"pastries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":1352}]}