{"text":"fabulous! I have just returned from a fabulous week at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort and Spa. I have visited many resorts and would have to hold this one in high regard. The rooms and overall property were kept very clean and the grounds were beautifully landscaped. The beds were comfortable and the rooms spacious. The villa style accomodations gave great atmosphere and the views of the grounds were beautiful. The beach was amazing. The lounge chairs do go quickly but we (a group of four women) managed to find some every day... even at mid-day or early afternoon....one could never find an empty lounge chair at the pool however (boo hoo to those who saved their chairs but never used them).The food in the buffet was very good and there were always many options to choose from. The a-la-carte restaurants were excellent as well. The food at La Mariachi Mexican restaurant was fantastic as well as at the Quijote Spanish restaurant. The seafood restaurant near the beach was a little slow in service and the food was a little undercooked compared to what you ordered (so if you like your beef medium, order medium-well done)...found the lobster a bit expensive...I was disapointed in the sports bar...the pool table was terrible and the service was so-so but the food was good. The service throughout the hotel was excellent! Mini-bar was replenished daily, towel-art with fresh flowers is always impressive, restaurant service was impeccable...The pool at the Bavaro wasn't my favourite with no gradual entry - you had to climb in and out (which can be difficult for some) but the swim-up bar was fun. A lot of activity around the pool (aerobics, dancing, contests) but the staff didn't pressure you into participating. Some of the vendors offside from the pool were high pressure though....we spent most of our time at the beach and went to the poolside for afternoon drinks.The excursions offerred were excellent. I participated in the jeep safari tour (Bavaro runners) and it was an exciting day. The horse back riding was only so-so but the trip up through the mountains and to a local family's home was amazing. The Marinarium trip to swim with the nurse sharks and stingrays was also amazing! These are not to be missed.The weather was great for our entire trip - only 15 minutes of rain. No bug issues at all...nice constant breeze at the beach and plenty of shade should you so desire. The night life was fun...a must-see is the Michael Jackson show followed by the disco.Don't forget to visit the market which is only a 10 minute walk down the beach....make sure you negotiate on pricing...you should only pay approx 30-50% of their original asking price.I was very impressed with all aspects of this resort and would most certainly go there again. The people were extremely friendly and helpful and the service was excellent. It made for a very relaxing stress-free vacation..... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":647,"mention":"hoo","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Luton_Hoo"],"startOffset":644}]}