{"text":"Don't believe all the bad reviews, but don't believe Riu's 4 stars either My wife and I booked a room at a good rate at this property over the Christmas Holidays 2007. We were spooked by all the bad reviews, particularly because RECENT reviews are particulary consistent in their negative comments, but since our travel plans were extremely last-minute we booked an available OceanFront room here anyway.Despite its four-star claims, this property is clearly no more than a THREE star property- clean and in a decent location (see below), but with some real problems. Those prepared to put up with a few inconveniences won't mind their stay here. Those seeking a four star experience, or expecting a similar level of care or quality as you would find at other Riu properties should DEFINITELY look elsewhere.LOCATION: For us, perfect. A 20 minute walk down Collins Ave or the boardwalk along the beach. This is a quieter stretch of the main beach\/hotel street. This was perfect for us, as the beach up at 31st is as beautiful as it is along Ocean Drive, and we appreciated the quietness. If you are headed to Miami Beach primarily for the clubs or the party (plenty of that to find here), I would recommend a Hotel along Collins or Ocean Drive, but at 15th street or Lower. (Addresses along Collins are easy, as they correspond to the numbered cross street closest to where you are staying. Our hotel was at 3101, so you know right away it's at Collins and 31st. The busy stretch of Miami Beach runs from 7th to 15th.) I personally would not recommend a hotel much farther north than the 30's if you are planning on walking the city.THE ROOM: We stayed on the fifth floor in an oceanview room. Nicely renovated, new furnishings in good condition. Other reviews have mentioned a bad smell. We noticed nothing but a standard hotel aroma. Room was clean, except for the beasties mentioned below.The Hotel is an L shape, and half of the so-called Ocean View rooms- those that run along the leg of the L that is perpendicular to the beach, would be better described as partial ocean view. I doubt that any rooms on floors lower than ours could see the ocean at all. Still, the pool area is lovely, green and gardened, with palm trees and a few slivers of ocean horizon peeking through, and the ocean side rooms have good size terraces that are clean and bright. No complaints, just don't expect the surf rolling right outside your window or anything like that.THERE IS STILL ONLY ONE ELEVATOR WORKING. BE PREPARED TO USE THE STAIRS OR WAIT AND WAIT AND WAIT.THE COCKROACHES: We killed FIVE in a three day stay. Not sure this is avoidable, but it always taints one's opinion of the room, yes?THE POOL: In small print in one information folder tucked in your drawer, you are warned that the pool is hyper-chlorinated every evening for cleaning, and is unsafe for use. We were told variously that this dangerous treatment happens at 6, 7:30, 8, 10 and never. Two problems with this: one, hard to feel cared for in a hotel that shuts its pool down before the sun is down (we would have enjoyed an evening swim) and TWO...THE STAFF: Believe the surplus of negative reviews on this subject... the staff at the Riu Miami Beach don't know anything about the pool, the area, the restaurant, their own hotel, and they clearly don't care to find out. This is the single-most irritating characteristic of this property. Not well-managed, and you certainly won't feel taken-care-of, much less pampered here. I can't imagine staying at this hotel for more than a single day without experiencing some frustration or annoyance at the staff here.In short, I would only recommend staying at this property if you get a very good deal and are fairly easy-going and easily-pleased. This Riu is certainly not worth a 4star price, although with a little patience for its flaws, we found it an enjoyable and reliable home-base for a quick trip to Miami Beach. ","annotations":[]}