{"text":"A memorable 15th honeymoon Bali has never been a spot in our holiday agenda. Since, that was our first time holidaying in Bali, it'll never be the last. We'll even sell Bali to our friends. To mark our 15th wedding anniversary, we want to celebrate not in a nearby country (Malaysia) but further out of Singapore. After months of sourcing in the internet, we decided to give Bali a try. Maybe, we are hesistated of Bali because of the bombing event that took place several years ago. Putting our fears aside, we decided on 3 nights stay at the beach resort and 2 nights stay at the padi field resort. Our choice of hotels is based solely on the reviews we read in Trip Advisor. To each its own, nothing is perfect. It boils down to how we accept and manage what is offered before us. We arrived in Bali on 20 July 2008 and were welcomed and greeted by the chauffeur from Conrad. He pushed our luggage trolley and led us to the hotel's MPV. Before he moved off, we were offered cold freshly scented face towel and bottled water. Throughout the drive, the driver introduced himself and gave us a briefing on bali and Conrad. Within 20 minutes, we arrived at the resort and we were once again, welcomed by the friendly concierge staff and porter. We were led to the lounge for our welcome drink and we do not have to bother of our luggage and check-in as the reservation staff came to us with whatever we need to fill in. My first impression of the resort is classy, tranquality and at ease and comfort. Next, we were escorted to our room and WOW, what a luxury. We were so blessed to reside in this room for 4 days. Everything in the room was pleasing to our eyes. Indeed, a five star rated hoteland management. Daily breakfast was appetizing and with lots of variety. The main pool was well maintained. The walk along the beach was breath-taking. The food was of reasonable hotel price and the service was efficient and friendly. Though it seems that we were the only Singaporeans there, we were treated equally with guests from Japan or the U S of A. The staff from the hotel's tour desk was helpful and if we have any queries on where we want to go shopping, sight seeing or makan, we could approach any of the concierge, porter and butler and they were most willing to go to the extra mile for us. This is what I call, class hotel. Ladies, Conrad is conveniently located near the shopping zone. Do bring an extra empty shopping luggage with you. We left Singapore with 2 luggage and we came home with 3 luggage. It's definitely worth the price to stay in Conrad. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1499,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":1492}]}