{"text":"I'd Go Again !! A great vacation. 3 of us, myself, my wife and 15 year old son. I had been to 8 or 9 CM's many years ago ((70's and 80's) and knew (conceptually) what to expect. Of course there have been changes during the years (much better accommodations, better food now, etc.), but the concept remains intact. My wife loved it. She relaxed with her book at the end of the beach, engaged in water aerobics and did nothing. She did, however, take an excursion called Dominican Colors and loved it. I chose to hang out at the resort, play tennis, work-out, snorkel, do aerobics, play water polo and talk to people from SF, NYC, Chicago, Montreal, Paris, Amsterdam, Phoenix and other parts of the world (everyone's friendly). It took a couple of days for my son (shy) to get into the swing of things, but by the third day he was very engaged in water polo, beach volleyball, basketball, surf-sailing (or whatever it's called) and snorkeling. Generally, the food was great as the daily buffets presented innumerable excellent choices. The GO's were all very friendly and helpful. Most of the people were quite friendly. The venue is excellent as it is located on the beautiful Caribbean Sea. It is isolated from any other resort, therefore, the beach is not infiltrated by others from other hotels, or local vendors selling their touristy wares and goods. Our room was quite comfortable with a big porch facing the ocean. The evening shows are not Broadway, but they are fun and the performers (GO's) work hard and aim to please. The resort is conveniently 5 minutes from the Airport and you'd never know it, as there is no noise from takeoffs or landings, at all. The weather was in the high 80's and humid, but who cares when you are in a beautiful, tropical location by the sea. All in all, I'd recommend it to anyone. If you can't enjoy this kind of vacation you might consider Ritz Carleton's or white glove resorts that cater to your every whim. I prefer a more casual, laid back vacation. Summary : a great concept and vacation !! ","annotations":[]}