{"text":"Location, location, location For the best (affordable!) views of Tokyo, look nowhere else but this great value and well-appointed hotel on the 20-29th floors of a Shinjuku tower. We only stayed one night, en-route to Kyoto, but the view from our 27th floor room was breathtaking. All rooms come with a stunning view, but push the boat out a little further to get a room with as much space as you can afford - Tokyo hotel rooms are usually tiny. Our double room was 34m squared, which was perfectly ample and suited us perfectly. The bar and lobby have the best views - vertigo-inducing floor to ceiling glass on opposite sides give sunset views of Mount Fuji to the west and the centre\/east of Tokyo city respectively.Pleasant and helpful staff, ubiquitous many-functioned japanese toilets and fantastic location made staying at this hotel a really fun and enjoyable experience. The only drawback was the long queue for the (expensive) breakfast in the morning - we skipped it and grabbed a bite and coffee at Starbucks just across the plaza.The Shinjuku location is great for that in-your-face, bright-lights, big city Tokyo experience. Shop till you drop at the countless department and electrical stores and wander down the quieter back streets for an amazing array of restaurants to suit all tastes and budgets.A huge bonus was the direct train service from the airport to Shinjuku station, so you only have to drag your luggage across the plaza and you're there in 1hr 15mins door to door. Direct tains run once an hour, but if you've just missed one, you can get one going to Tokyo station and change there. It adds about another 20 minutes to the journey. Don't try and get a cab from Tokyo station - you'll drain your cash in one very expensive trip. You can also get the hotel limousine bus from the airport, but it takes an age and is more expensive than the train! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1006,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1000}]}