{"text":"Peace and Serenity Itself! We recently stayed at The Bale during the second half of our Bali trip. The first half was spent at a private villa in Seminyak. We were on a mission this trip scouting for venues for a private event and therefore spent most of the first few days of our trip zooming around Bali. By the time we arrived at The Bale, we were totally exhausted and what a haven it was for the weary traveller! The Bale is nothing short of beautiful with minimalistic, elegant modern architecture and interior design. The staff were very polite and did everything they could to make our stay a very comfortable one. The actual check in was done in our pavilion by the butler and over in 5 minutes. We were then left alone to enjoy the place. The villa itself is big and spacious and the architects had thoughtfully designed it such that the bathroom opens out into the pool. We had previously stayed at other pool villas and it was always a bit untidy having to trudge through the bedroom after getting out from the pool in order to get to the bathroom. Our package came with daily breakfast which we could choose to either enjoy in our villa or the restaurant. It was ala carte, which meant you could order anything and everything from the menu. I thoroughly enjoyed the local cuisine and had that every day for breakfast.We also had dinner once at the restaurant. For the service and the quality, I do not think it is too expensive. Naturally, a much cheaper meal can be had at nearby Nusa Dua but the experience was worth it. Staff addressed us by name and their service was discreet and polite and the presentation of the food was excellent. The food itself was very good.On another day, we arranged for a candlelight dinner in our pavilion. We had tea at the restaurant and in the thirty minutes we were away, the staff had laid out all the candle lights and flowers for our dinner! Dinner itself was a delightful experience.We also had massages every single day of our stay there as it came with the package. The spa is, like the rest of the hotel, beautiful. The rooms were big, some with bathtubs which can fit 3 people, and others with jacuzzis and steam rooms. The massages were also excellent, with the exception of the hot crystal therapy which we felt did not do much for our aching backs. The spa menu was very comprehensive, and even had options like hypnotherapy. The Bale is rather conveniently located, about a few minutes' drive from the Nusa Dua shopping areas. They also provide free transfers to and from Nusa Dua.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in The Bale and would highly recommend it as a honeymoon destination or just a place to relax and unwind. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1763,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":1760}]}