{"text":"Beautiful location in need of customer relations 101 The hotel has outstanding outside facilities and a magnificent view. However, from the time I walked in, I missed the classic look it used to have before the so called remodeling. I agree a 100% with the person who spoke about the locals at the Casino. It used to be a very formal and elegant place. Now it is a hang out for the elderly and the lonely. I totally dislike the informal atmosphere and found it amazing that in today's economy, the majority of the people playing were women and elderly. It depressed me to walk through it. The remodeling has given the hotel a cheap look. The rooms are large and nice, but they need maintenance badly. Doors to the balcony do not lock or open easily; there is no electricity in some outlets, the phones do not work and by the way we also delt with the elevator problem-the back elevator was out of service twice for the 5 days and 4 nights we were there. The concierge desk is the biggest joke of the whole place. The guys who open the door for guest hide behind it pretending to be polishing luggage cars, while the ladies chat on the phone. We approached it several times and none stop talking or hang up to help us, one even threw her cell phone under the table!I also agree that the information and knowledge changed depending on who was there. Transportation is a pain, hard to get, expensive for a short distance to Old San Juan and I believe it should be a service to the guest. The italian restaurant indeed had great food and good portions, lousy service. The guys all looked tired or mad to be there?!?!Only Mr. Neumann, Jesus in security and Iris at the gift shop made me\/us feel welcome and provided us with great-outstanding customer service. Again, I agree with what I read, if you only want a great bed to rest and the ocean and pools to enjoy the sun and sound of the waves daily-then this is it; but if you appreciate service and a desire to help the tourist so you go back, forget it! No perks, no coupons, no hotel transportation to and from airport and no transportation to Old San Juan at all-ridiculous and poor PR for the hotel. Guest relations manager needs to sell his hotel better and train staff to be corteous and NEVER argue or questioned a guest. ","annotations":[]}