{"text":"Paradise found What a fantastic hotel!My husband and I have been back to this hotel many times and it is our preferred hotel in Bali. Great location right next door to a big department store.We have stayed in a superior, ocean view and private garden room before. I prefer the ocean view of all the 3. The private garden room is great, but can get a bit noisy (being on the ground floor) with the food carts rattling outside your door all hours. This time we stayed in an ocean view room\/left wing in one of the newly renovated rooms. The cleanliness of the hotel room and the bathroom was outstanding, the bed was super comfortable. There is an inroom safe, mini bar, all the facilities you would expect from a 4 star hotel. The only negative was that the pillows were a bit large and uncomfortable (woke up with a stiff neck a few nights), however new pillows were quickly brought up which sorted out the problem. The shower was super powerful and can easily be adjusted if you do not require a high pressured shower (especially if you have a bit of sunburn!). The food at the many restaurants in the hotel is of a high quality, we have never gotten sick (Bali belly) from eating at the hotel and food and beverages is reasonably priced. This holiday we ate all our meals at the hotel due to the great variety, quality and value. Breakfast was included and was open until 11.00am which is handy if you want to have a sleep in. As we stayed 7 nights we were given a free dinner for 2 persons and also a free massage for 2 persons. My husband had a massage every day at the fitness centre as it was so reasonably priced. Very relaxing and worth it. You can also have your massage on the beach in one of the huts that overlooks the ocean. There is a swim up bar in the pool where you can get a bucket of beer (pay for 3 beers and get 4), french fries, nibblies etc, they also had a band that played during happy hour at the pool bar, 3 guys on guitars...amazing! You could throw just about any song at them and they would play it. Superb harmonies! The staff at this hotel are the best I have seen and are the friendliest I have come across. I would thoroughly recommend paying the extra and staying at this hotel. I am a travel agent and this is my preferred hotel by far. Check it out! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1849,"mention":"french fries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/French_fries"],"startOffset":1837}]}