{"text":"GREAT EXPERIENCE! We stayed at the Bahia Princip for 9 days. It was absolutely wonderful. We read reviews about some who complained about a whole bunch of stuff, but we had absolutely nothing to complain about, the only thing we said wasn't necessary was the turn down service at night because they got there so late in the evenings. Here is a quick breakdown of the resort. I would highly reccommend you book your stay directly through Bahia-Principe which is actually BP tours. Also, there are two resorts basically in one-it is the Gran Bahia Principa and you have the Punta Cana Side and the Bavaro side-request the Punta Cana side and request a nicer room. We stayed in one of the villa's closer to the beach (number 2 villa, absolutely PERFECT location) in the Golden Club. It is SOOO worth it. The room is bigger (not that you spend much time there) and so much closer to the beach-it would be such a hassel to stay in one of those villas near the lobby. Okay-one complaint about the food the Garden Grill is horrible!! Not because the service is horrible because beef is a rarity down there, it is definately not worth it. Italian place was great as was the seafood, hands down. Wasn't much into the French place as they had calf brains on the menu (yuck). We tipped like $3 a day between the AM and PM maids. We also occasionally tipped the bartenders as we felt bad because we kept getting drinks, and well I just felt bad. I also felt bad realizing that these people make only around $200 US a month. None own cars and most employees live 2 hours away, ride a bus to a from work and work 7 days in a row-you get my point just wanted to give them something extra. The International buffet is by far the best buffet! If you like hot weather, beautiful beaches wonderful pools you will love this place. It is so incredibly clean it isn't funny. I saw one little itty bitty ant the whole time no bugs outside nothing. The snorkeling trip is well worth the $30!!Enjoy yourself, here are a few extra tips!Take lots of $1 billsBeware that the Peso to American Dollar rate changes dailyBraids are very expensive-$100 for my whole headThe men selling things-oh man they will rip you off!Do not try to reserve beach chairs early in the AM, your towels will disappear!Get to the beach early if you want a shady spotLOTS of sunscreen, I am fair and used spf 70 the whole time and came home extremely tanMake sure you reserve your room to not check in until after 3PM ","annotations":[{"endOffset":778,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":774}]}