{"text":"Great place for rest and relaxation We stayed at the Palladium Bavaro from Jan.29th through Feb. 5, our 5th trip to Punta Cana and our 3rd stay at a Palladium Resort. Last year we vacationed at the Palladium Royal Suites in Riviera Maya, where we also had a great stay.We experienced no problems traveling Apple Vacations on the USA3000 flights. Check in was simple and our rooms were ready after a brief wait.Our deluxe suite was very comfortable and spacious. I made good use of the large soaking tub (with jets) every day after the beach. The entire resort was extremely clean and the grounds were absolutely beautiful and meticously manicured. We chose to eat at the LaCathedral buffet for our breakfast and dinner meals and the buffet on the beach for lunch. We tried the A La Carte restaurants on our last visit there and decided the food was so good at the buffets, why bother with time constraints and free ourselves of the stress to arrive at a set time. They offer a large variety and if you can't find something to eat, you have a problem. Their preparation of all poultry and pork was delicious. No one we traveled with had any illness from the food or drinks.The staff performed very professionally, service could not have been better despite the fact the resort was full to capacity. They were very friendly and went out of their way to make you comfortable. The majority of tourists in this resort were German and French. We spoke to only a handful of Americans. The resort was active with dancing, music, all types of sports and games were offered. The animation team was motivating and fun to watch. The Bavaro beach is the reason I enjoy Punta Cana so much and why we return there so often. It was warm and very clean with nice soft rolling waves. There were many topless sunbathers, but after a while, you don't even take notice. Our vacation was very relaxing, we loved the Palladium and would recommend anyone who is looking for a restfull and beautiful environment to stay at this resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1745,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1741}]}