{"text":"Fabulous vacation destination My husband and I just got back from a wonderful 4 night stay at the Ritz Carlton. We were extremely pleased with this hotel. I let the hotel know when I booked it that it was a special occasion (my husband's 50th birthday) and, on our first evening there, they set up a complimentary bottle of wine and a delicious dessert. The staff really goes out of its way to be friendly and accomodating. We had a few lunches at the beach\/pool restaurant and ate dinner at the Mare, the Ritz Carlton's seafood restaurant and these were very good experiences. (There is a good casual restaurant across the street called Metropol, as well as one a few blocks down in a strip shopping center.) At the Ritz-Carlton, there are plenty of available beach chairs, both poolside and on the beach. We booked an off-site catamaran trip through the hotel, which sailed (with about 35 other people) to a small island to snorkel. That trip was well worth the $83 price (about 6 hours on the boat) and included unlimited food and drinks (with rum, if desired). The R-C offers a full day of varied exercise classes, if that's your thing. Francisco's abs and gluts class was a really challaging workout. My only complaint was with the concierge, who only called our room at 7:10 p.m. to let us know that our requested 8:00 pm reservation at the Palm Restaurant at another hotel was unavailable. I made the request at 10:00 a.m. that morning; there was no excuse for hearing back so late of the unavailability of the requested reservation. Also, while it's true that the hotel is right across the street from the airport, I was not bothered by the airport noise, which I thought was minimal. We never ate breakfast at the hotel but walked to Denny's (out the door, to the right, about 1 block down) or to Starbucks (inside the El San Juan Hotel - out the door of the Ritz,, to the right, about three blocks down, but in the hotel.) All in all, we found the Ritz Carlton in San Juan to be a fabulous hotel, which lives up to the Ritz's fine reputation. ","annotations":[]}