{"text":"Beautiful Barcelona Barcelona is a beautiful city, full of character, verve, vibrancy, culture, history and for me, most importantly, the home of what is one of the wonders of this age and probably the most awesome building I have visited despite the fact it probably won't be finished in my lifetime, the Sagrada Familia - an anochronism if ever there was one but one an anochronism! If God were writing a trip advisor review of the Familia Sagrada he would extol its virtues and give it an excellent rating.But I am not God and I stayed in a far more down to earth establishment - the Hotel Adagio just off La Rambla. I was on a lone visit and the room was small despite having a good size double bed which at first seemed rather hardish but afforded good rest qualities. The room was simply decorated and the furniture was in keeping with the ambience - perfectly adequate for my short stay with a large wardrobe with plenty of shelf space. It would be unjust to judge the adequacy for a couple staying at the hotel because I booked a single room but the room I stayed in would have been rather too cramped for more than one - even if the couple were on exceptionally good terms! Other rooms might well have been bigger. The room had a veranda which looked out onto an extremely narrow street - one hopes that the person living opposite would not peer down from the balcony at the same time otherwise heads might bump - no not that bad but certainly 'intimate'! By the way, no sign of druggies or ladies of the night as mentioned in another review( not that I was looking for either!).The bathroom was small but very clean. The shower was fine - powerful and with temperature control easily achieved. Interestingly, the shower appeared to double as a bath which was adequate for a child until they understood the meaning of the term NSPCC. But then a family would not have been staying in this room.Bed linen, towels, room cleanliness were all of an exceptionally hight level and I really must commned the lovely ladies who kept the room spotless and were very civil and happy to smile. Well done Adagio!The reception staff were excellent - and I use the term advisedly. They were friendly, courteous, smart, helpful and all I encountered spoke excellent English. Very commendable indeed. They were happy to print out my priority Ryanair boarding pass for my return flight - free!!There was a continuous humming from the heating\/ac system which took a while to get used to but I mention this only in passing. Walls seemed rather thin and conversation could be heard from adjoining rooms. Television had CNN and plenty of indigenous channels.Breakfast was typically continental - croissants, buns, cereal, jams, meats, cheese and a good selection of hot and cold drinks. It was rather more limited in variety than other hotels I have stayed in but a perfectly adequate start to the day and for the price paidI got this hotel at a bargain price and quite frankly, I'd be happy to stay again. It is central and immaculately clean with a friendly staff. f you sleep lightly then you might want to look elsewhere - the noise is not the fault of the hotel, just the result of its location.It's a 2 star tourist hotel so don't expect the Ritz but for someone like me on a tight budget I can recommend this hotel as an ideal base for Barcelona. It is certainly better than the previous hotel I stayed in in Barca which was 3 star. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2692,"mention":"croissants","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Croissant"],"startOffset":2682},{"endOffset":2698,"mention":"buns","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bun"],"startOffset":2694}]}