{"text":"Never Again! We booked this hotel for my hen party weekend as even though we wanted to do the bars and clubs we also wanted somewhere to chill and relax and have a swim and sauna! Firstly location wise this hotel is great, very close to central station and near the shops. All in all that is very handy. The pool inside the hotel is tiny! I would say it was only twelve by twelve and the sauna is also miniscule-We managed to squeeze only 4 n at a time! However all that I could live with, the hotel staff were another matter!At one stage I thought there must have been a stage in the interviewing process for cowne plaza where they tested the snotty looks and condescending attitudes of their staff because here at Amsterdam city centre, they have these qualities down to a tee! We had arranged our booking through a friends and family discount of which we hadn't been gievn a white card. We arranged for the hotel in the UK to fax through TWO statements saying we were entitled to the discount which 'apparently' were never received dispite the UK hotel having accepted receipts and confirming the number with the amsterdam reception. In the midst of this the staff were rude, laughed when we were clearly upset with the situation and not once offered any assistance in receiving the confirmation! A simple call to the UK was too much for them. Finally on the second to last stay we were granted an audience with the duty manager who was also exceptionally off hand sharp with us and finally agreed to call the UK. Fianlly the fax was received and we were able to relax that we would only have to pay the rates we had initially agreed to when making the booking.I could almost understand the attitude if we were a huge group of loud and brash girls but in no way were we. We were considerate of other visitors and polite to everyone. Maybe that was the problem for the staff here at the crowne plaza amsterdam-they thought polite behaviour was just too abnormal. Worse still, I paid in cash for the rooms at the end of the stay and when I returned home, I found I had been charged on my debit card for all three rooms (my card was used for only one room) for the full rate! Has taken a week to organise the refund and am exceptionally grateful i kept the receipt. So after this rant about the staff I would say to other people staying at this hotel to take ALL documentation of the rates you agreed when making the booking and keep receipts of EVERYTHING as I ahve yet to receive an apology from this hotel for our stay and have moved my complaint to the head office here in the UK. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":883,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":878}]}