{"text":"Wonderful resort! My husband and I and 2 other couples just returned from at week at Excellence Punta Cana and we had a GREAT time. First of all, the giant open air, thatched roof airport was a fun terminal to greet you upon arrival. The ride to the resort was basically as everyone describes it - 1 hour with lots of pot holes, but wasn't actually as bad as I had expected.The resort has beautifully manicured grounds and the buildings were both elegant and quaint. Marble floors gleam, fountains gurgle, and palm trees sway gently in the breeze. The whole lobby area is open air and we were pleasantly greeted and assigned rooms all in the same building - #2 overlooking the upper level of the infinity pool. We had a swim up jr. suite and it was good size, very clean, and very upscale. The patio was very small and the pool was only 5 steps away. While the idea of swim up suite was intriguing at the time we booked, I think we would have been just as happy with a garden view as we weren't in the room very much anyway. Also, that pool, because it is about 5 feet deep, is hard to get out of at your room as there are no steps and so it was a little difficult for someone only 5'3 to hoist themselves out of it in front of our patio.Each room not only has the stocked mini bar fridge, but also comes with a bottle of rum to keep. They also provide bathrobes for use while you are there, and toiletries include shampoo, conditioner, body gel, bar soap, body lotion, toothbrush and toothpaste (which all came in handy as our luggage didn't arrive for 24 hours). The maid service timing was inconsistent, but they always did a great job. A couple of times we requested more towels and it was no problem.We ate at all the restaurants except Spice. Our favorite was Toscana, followed by Agave and Barcelona. We had high expectations for Chez Isabelle after reading the reviews, and although the food was OK to good, those who ordered the Chateaubriand were disappointed. The Lobster House truly is only Lobster, and the service both there and at the Grill was sub par. The Tuesday night Dominican Party on the beach had to be moved inside when it rained, and was an OK to good buffet.One of our favorite things about an all-inclusive, in addition to trying all the different foods, is trying lots of new drinks, which we certainly did. We always tried the drink of the day and each had our favorite. I personally liked the Sammy Sosa best, but the guys in our group managed to put away quite a few Presidente beers.Each day the Excellence Times information sheet is printed out, describing which restaurants are open that night, what activities are going on that day, and even lists daily specials at the spa and gift shops. The activities staff does an excellent job of providing a good variety of things to do throughout the day, from Spanish and dance lessons to games in the pool. If you prefer to just vegetate under a palapa with a book and a drink thats fine too.The pool areas are huge with lots of chairs either in the sun or under palapas for two and lounging beds are available too. The water was always sparkling and I loved swimming the length of the winding pools, past the swim up bar, under the wooden bridge, and past the small islands. There are pool floats available for use by all, but beware - some guests grab them, and even when they aren't using them, tuck then under their chair, reserving them for themselves only. Tacky and selfish when they should just leave them available for the next personThe beach really is as stunning as the pictures show. The sand is very soft and there were always plenty of chairs and even beach beds available. We usually kept to the right as you face the water as it was a little calmer that direction. Some people have mentioned they thought the surf was a little rough, but when we were there it was no more that what we've experienced along the Carolina coasts.The evening entertainment was fine - our favorite was listening to Domingo - the sax player. Also, just to let you guys know, the rooms all get the 3 network channels and ESPN, so you can keep up with your sports. The sports bar is open air and unlike sports bars at home, doesn't have lots of different TVs all turned to a different channel.We loved it all and will certainly consider coming back here again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2063,"mention":"sub","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Submarine_sandwich"],"startOffset":2060},{"endOffset":3275,"mention":"floats","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Ice_cream_soda"],"startOffset":3269},{"endOffset":3275,"mention":"floats","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Ice_cream_soda"],"startOffset":3269}]}