{"text":"Great condo style hotel We have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Luana and have to say we are glad we chose this hotel. Yes, the hotel is not in the middle of the action that is Waikiki, but to be honest, we were pleased it was a little bit out of the way, away from all the noise and the hundreds of tourists. The beach, which is a short stroll through the park, is, in our view a much better beach than Waikiki beach itself as it is less crowded. We wholly recommed the bus service which takes you from the hotel directly into Waikik itself if you don't fancy the short walk (especially if, like us, you have young child whose little legs get tired after a while!)We stayed in a city view kitchenette on the 14th floor and the view was amazing (even though the industrial fans were below us - but the easy answer is just don't look down). The room was ample big enough for all of us (2 adults and a 4 year old), it was cleaned everyday and the kitchenette was well stocked. Like many other reviewers, we used to buy our breakfast supplies at the ABC shop across the road and so didn't have to pay for breakfasts at restaurants. The swimming pool at the hotel was absolutely lovely. Although some reviews have said the pool is a bit on the small side, we found it big enough. In any event, the pool was never crowded during our stay and there are plenty of sun loungers and three cabanas. Our only disappointed about the pool was that there was not a shallow end for our daughter to play in.Overall, we had a great stay at this hotel and would go back again. On the whole, the staff are pleasant and friendly (especially the lady on the tour desk). However, the man on duty at reception when we arrived after a very long flight from Brisbane was miserable and not very helpful at all. He told us the room was not ready (which we expected) and that we would be staying on the 2nd floor on the fan side. I expressed my disappointment and he later said we could indeed go straight to a different room which turned out to be on the 5th floor overlooking the petrol garage. This really wasn't a big issue as the room was clean, tidy and ample big enough. The only downside was that there were no kitchen appliances in the kitchen but plenty of crockery. However, the next day we got talking to a man in the pool and he was amazed that we didn't even have a toaster or microwave in the room and told us to ask reception for one. Luckily we were greeted by a different man on reception and he told us we were in fact in the wrong room. He was very apologetic and arranged for us to be moved that night to a room with a kitchette on the 14th floor. After that little hicup, we had a great time and enjoyed the view.The reason we chose this hotel in the first place was mainly due to the rave reviews posted on this site. So I thought I would write our review in the hope that it helps others like us. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1059,"mention":"ABC","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Ais_kacang"],"startOffset":1056}]}