{"text":"Convenient but noisy and cramped First of all, I am still staying at this hotel as I am writing this review. I have sinced stayed 3 nights out of 8. Secondly, I understand that hotels in Tokyo are small and expensive in comparison to other major cities around the world-- we reserved a double room for 4 nights directly online from their website. When we arrived, we were given a semi-double room instead, which was considerably smaller in comparison. Rather than arguing with their staffs whom they speak very little English, we decided to try it out for one night-- Unable to adapt to the extraordinarily small room, we requested a twin room instead. We were provided one with no questions asked. Kudos to the staff for their efficient response-- Don't be fooled by the information on their website. If you switch between Japanese, English and Chinese, you will notice their room specifications were totally different for each language. The Japanese website is more trustworthy. Use Altavista.com's Babelfish to translate to your home language instead.-- The hotel was really 5 minutes walk from the Shinjuku subway station west entrance-- The room temperature is very warm, hovering at 26 degrees Celsius according to the trusty temperature clock that I brought with me. The in-room temperature control is futile. I really cannot feel the difference between LOW, MID and HIGH settings.-- Some of the rooms the windows are locked (no handles to open). You will need to call up the front desk and ask them to open them for you-- If you decide to open the windows overnight, it could be quite noisy at times (police sirens all night every night), especially in the early mornings where black crows sqwarking sp? constantly-- The room comes with a 20 CRT TV with ALL Japanese channels. Curious though...whatever happened to LCD TVs in this day and age and of all places this is Japan where they made most of the world's Plasma\/LCD\/LED TVs?!? For US$160\/night don't you think your guests deserves a cheapo 20 LCD TVs that sell for less than an obsolete mobile phone!? -- No English TV, no problems. At least there is FREE internet in the room. The desk comes with a wired Internet cable but wireless Internet was also detected as well, although I have not tried it. Internet speed was very fast, over 20Mbps or download a full 4.7GB DVD movie in less than half an hour-- Toilet...well, not much to write home about...but the toilet paper is the thinnest I have ever seen in the world - you can see through it. The same goes with the Kleenex on the desk, which has the same texture and seethru-ness. I suspect the toilet paper and the Kleenex are the same thing-- The bed is quite comfortable but the blankets sound like paper - you can very clearly hear the sound of your partner turning in bed. Twin room would help a little.If convenience is what you want, Star Hotel is THE one. Otherwise, for more spacious hotels, look elsewhere!As for us, we have cancelled our remaining 4 nights and decided to move to a less convenient but more spacious and less expensive hotel 15 minutes away. Let's see how that goes... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":853,"mention":"Chinese","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/P%C3%A2t%C3%A9_chinois"],"startOffset":846}]}