{"text":"wouldn't go there again Maid service was horrible, she didn't come to clean the room until about 6pm everyday and never left clean towels, we had to complain and wait 1\/2 hr to 1hr or more for some clean towels. My sister in law waited a 1\/2 hr in the hallway oneday for some toilet paper while my niece sat on the toilet. Maid never changed the sheets on the beds the whole time we were there. Everytime we went to get our beach towels they were always out of them. No policy on beach chair reserving, for example I was traveling with small children and everytime we went to the pool there was never no lounge chairs available under the umbrellas, people had reserved them with their towels and left for hours, so a few days into the trip we started to montior how long it took people to come back to their chairs, one couple reserved the chairs first thing in the morning and came back at 5:30pm stayed for 10 min and left to go eat and NEVER came back, another couple I saw reserved chairs by the pool and by the beach, stayed on the beach all day then came back to their lounge chairs by the pool for about 30 min, then left again to the beach never to return to the pool, mind you their towel was on the pool lounge chair all day, so we began complaining to the managers about the situation explaining to them that we are traveling with small children and we need an umbrella, and that people reserve the chairs and never use them, they basically told me oh well, theres nothing they can do. so my sister in law woke up at 5am every morning from then on, grabbed towels and went to reserve chairs for our family and then went back to bed. My 4 yr old had to use the bathroom when we were by the pool one day, so i rushed her to the nearest poolside restroom, there was only two stalls both toilets were clogged one with bo and the other with multiple tampons and urine, the bathroom stunk and was filthy, i ran out carrying the baby yelling for my husband to take her in the mens room, he came running out saying that one was filthy too, so he had to run her back to the hotel room. one day we were eating in the buffet and my sister in law spotted a huge bug on the wall behind the bar, she told the waiter and he just laughed, everyone was skeeved, all of the sudden the bug flew from the wall across the bar and on to our table, we screamed it was a huge flying cockaroach, the wait staff tried to calm us down saying that they had the windows open today and it probably came in then. BULL CRAP a few days later I woke up in the middle of the night half asleep to use the bathroom, as i am using the bathroom something moving catches my eye, another huge flying cockaroach, I ran screaming almost giving my husband a heart attack. Again complaining to the managers and no one gave a crap! The food wasn't all that, the best place to eat was the beach patio resturaunt (can't remember the name) and that food was alright, all the liquor is watered down BIG TIME! Overall it really wasn't worth the money, I regret booking it, we go to a different country every year and this one was by FAR the worst trip! Before i booked this trip i checked book it.com and they gave it 4 1\/2 stars, i checked a few other places I can't remember and they all had given the hotel 4 stars, i dont know where they get their info from, I wouldn't even give it 2 stars! ","annotations":[]}