{"text":"Wonderful Vacation We just got back from a wonderful 1st trip over Thanksgiving at the Paradisus Punta Cana. We stayed 4 nights. That is the minimum of nights I would suggest. The airport is very organized. Just follow everyone and you'll do just fine. Before we left home, we called the hotel and reserved a ride. After getting our luggage, we went to the Paradisus kiosk. They pointed to the curb, and there was our guy with our name sign in hand, along with a dozen other drivers. Nice air conditioned van and the drive took about 30 minutes. The driver did not speak much English but it was enough. We had a pocket Spanish guide and had fun trying to talk some. We had been a little worried about the language barrier since none of us spoke Spanish. Don't be concerned. The staff you have the most contact with all speak enough English to get you anything you want. If they don't understand, they get another staff member who does. Same thing with room service. The chamber maids however, did not speak English. But you can always call housekeeping and they would send what you need. You may want to pack a washcloth and hand towel. They give you 1 bath towel per person and 1 handtowel for the room. After 2 days, we learned to call housekeeping and did get 2 hand towels and washcloths. The next day, they came automatically. So if you call, you can get more room towels. With beach towels, you get 1. You can trade it in for a clean one. For us, it wasn't an issue. It was hot and we dried so fast, didn't seem to use the towel much. We had the Royal Service. Not necessary, but we wanted all the pampering we could get. We enjoyed it completely. With Royal Service, you get a room in a preferred location. We were in the first building by the beach and right next to the restaurants. You also get bath robes and slippers to use. The slippers you get to keep. The first night you find a bottle of champaigne on ice waiting for you and a basket of fruit. The second night we got a little shell candle. The third night some special soap.  It was very hot when we arrived. Most of the restaurants are open air. Lunch was very good at the Italian restaurant but I was pretty warm. The first evening we ordered room service for dinner.Excellent. The a\/c is nice and cold in the rooms. We also ordered the bath prep available with Royal Service. What a treat. Your butler fills the bath, adds salts and oils, and puts flower petals on top of the bubbles. The bath is surrounded with candles and a stick of incense. Perfect end to our 1st day. The rest of the trip we were in bathing suits during the day. The temperature seemed perfect all of the time. Check out was hot again. So, dress cool. It makes a world of difference. Long pants and collars are required for dinner. However, I did see men in shorts and no collars enough times that I doubt if you would be refused service. The French and Grill House were excellent. The steak house had tough steaks. My complaint of the hotel is that in all of the guest rooms, the bathroom did not have a door. The sink area was open. Only swing doors to the toilet and tub. I like a door with latch. Everything else was great. The staff were all very nice and friendly. The beach and landscaping so beautiful. The bars are fully stocked. Had everything I could ask for (except for the bathroom door). Horseback riding was great. Long ride so whole trip took 4 hours. You must wear a helmet. We galloped a lot. I held on tight.It cost $55 a person which was a good deal. Bring sea sick pills if going on the ocean. Talked to some people that said 3 out of 4 got sick on the boat ride to go scuba diving. I would bring more money next time. Most vendors take cash only. There are atms, but I didn't want to pay the high interest rate.You can buy everything in US dollars. The staff do like tips and I think all of them are worth it. We truly did receive the royal treatment. What a disappointment coming back to reality. The Miami airport staff had a lot of cold, grumpy, unenthused people. Would like to see direct flights out of Orlando to Punta Cana. All of us so want to go back again. We have found our Paradise Island! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":488,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":484},{"endOffset":3199,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3195}]}