{"text":"4 stars, maybe out of 10 !!! First of all, all the talk of mosquito's and bed-bugs. We did not personally have them but saw and heard of guests that did. I guess it's the luck of the draw for your room.My wife came down with a mysterious rash on our second day there. It completely covered both legs and kept spreading. She had to seek medical attention on site for $400, get the vacation insurance!! It won't help you though when you go to buy sun block in CCP gift shop, $35 dollars!!!There is no place on site to get cash, none of the excursions accept credit cards so your pretty much out of luck unless you take a taxi into the city to get cash. Even then all you can get is Peso's which actually is preferred over the good ol US dollar, it fluctuates everyday.The food is way below average. The buffets are pretty much the same thing every day but with a twist. Your going to see hotdogs sliced, diced,fried,boiled etc. EVEN FOR BREAKFAST!!!!!The a la cart restuarants are a little better but still nothing special.The service is OK but the language barrier is quite a problem, if you know Spanish you'll be fine!The bar drinks are different, the bartenders always but their own Dominican twist on your drink, you'll never have the same drink twice. So if you find a bar and your happy with the drinks, stay there!! Forget paying for the VIP, I called room service twice for American beer and never got it!! You only have the choice between Miller Genuine Draft or Heineken(which is'nt American anyway).The rooms are plain, even VIP, the bedding is paper thin, sheets come off the bed every night. Pillows are as described by other guests, like rolled up towels in a pillow case! Everything else in the room is what you would get in a hotel, nothing special!!The grounds are well kept and beautiful. The beach is the best part of Punta Cana. I found Americans to be scarce here though mostly Germans, French and Russian.We did not go to the shows, did not have the massage. The internet was always down when we took the 15 minute walk to use it.We would not go to this resort again, we may go back to Punta Cana but search for another resort!! ","annotations":[]}