{"text":"Two weeks in paradise!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Paradise Bavaro from April 14th to the 28th and absolutely loved it!! We booked through a travel agent and then through Air Canada vacations and everything was pretty much organised amazingly. We were on the ground floor in building number 6, after being moved from a room that had two double beds (we requested a king), which looked out onto the pool and was about a 3 minute walk to the beach. The ground floor can get a bit noisy though especially when people start to go to bed after the disco but we got used to it!! There were basically no major complaints, but as we had read some trip advisor reviews prior to leaving we knew what to expect. The dominicans are very friendly and helpful but do work on their own time and nothing will make them rush!! So just be open minded to the fact that even if there is a lineup at the bar they will still stop and clean the counters and floors and you will have to wait. There are alot of european people at the resort so they try to cater to everybody by saying everything in French, Spanish and then English-sometimes German as well, the food was the same there was a bit of everything for everybody. Lots of variety in the buffet as well-we actually preferred the buffet to the a la carte restaurants as there was so much available. We were at this resort for two weeks and didn't get sick of the food. We did really like the Seascape seafood restaurant the best out of the a la carte restaurants, but you need to book your a la carte restaurants as soon as you can as they book up. You will get 3 restaurant coupons per week when you check in. The variety of drinks are good as well and my boyfriend who is a beer drinker thought that the house beer was just fine. The rum fruity drinks are great as well!! For entertainment every night there is a show at 9.30pm and they were all good-the dancers are really energetic and they are always trying to get everyone involved in the fun. The animation team are in charge of the daily activities as well and try to get everyone involved in the daily events. There is lots to do. We also went on an excursion to Saona Island which was voted one of the top ten beaches in the world-our representative didn't mention that the bus ride to get to where the catamarans leave was about an hour and forty five minutes ride. Our guide for the tour was excellent and made it fun for everyone. The katamaran trip was about an hour and a half but was fun-the dominicans take total offense if you say no when they offer you rum!! The island was beautiful and a lunch and drinks are included and then they take you by speedboat to a natural pool where the caribbean and the atlantic ocean meet. This was the best part of the trip, the water was warm and crystal clear and so fabulous. I recommend this excursion to future travellers!!The beach at the resort was the reason we went and was awesome, the water was warm but still refreshing with white powdery sand. There was a few days when there was alot of seaweed in the water after a tropical storm but the water was mainly crystal clear and so nice to relax and swim in. You have to get up really early to get a good hut to sit under and you definitely need one as the sun gets pretty hot after about 10.30am. Everyone gets up early to reserve one which is wrong but you have to do it. I would definitely recommend this resort to other travellers-there were obviously some people that had negative things to say but when we went on our day trip the other travellers from the other resorts had worst things to say about theirs. Overall we had a fantastic time and would definitely go back again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2992,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":2987}]}