{"text":"We will certainly return!!! First I must apologize to Onno for taking so long to write this as I told him when we left that he would receive a glowing review on Trip Advisor. It's only right since we booked our stay at The Black Tulip based solely on the reviews I have read here.  The hotel was easy to find and very attractive. A short walk from Central Station. It basically looks like someones home or a B  B. We appreciate non-chain hotels which have preserved the old world charm of this wonderful city. We were welcomed and the rules of the hotel were explained. In my opinion the hotel is very appealing regardless of what you are in to. True, you should not stay if you are homophobic and not open minded but they have rooms to suit all needs. We are a straight couple who wanted a truly naughty get away in a room with more toys than we could get to and found exactly what we were looking for.  We have to apologize to Onno for appearing to be very anti-social as we NEVER made it down to breakfast. Not one single day even though it is served late. To be honest - we stayed up the first three nights until about 4 a.m. playing in our room and didn't even wake up until about 2 in the afternoon. On our last night we received a call that a young family member of mine had suddenly died. It was so upsetting that I just could not face anyone the next day. When we checked out we promised not only to return but to be more social next time.  We have been to Amsterdam about 6 times prior and have always avoided staying in hotels near Cental Station. We avoided the whole area to be honest because we had never read very good reviews. Well, what a mistake that was. Just around the corner from the hotel is an area we had never been to calledNieumarkt (New Market). We found them most wonderful streets, pubs and restaurants we have ever been to. One had about 150 types of beers! The hotel was also very near to the Red Light District.  We have vowed to return as soon as possible as we cannot wait to stay at the same hotel, in the same area of Amsterdam with the same owners!! Also, we found the price of our room to be LESS that many other hotels. We paid 30 Euro less per night than a hotel we were previously booked into and the rooms would not have been nearly as much fun! ","annotations":[]}