{"text":"Brilliant! After a lot of research we chose STB for our honeymoon location and I have to say it was the best decision we ever made.Our first night wasn't so good though. When we arrived the locals were striking on the roads so we couldn't get to our resort and had to stay in the Riu (can't remember which one and don't realy want to either - terrible) The next day we were picked up by our transfer rep and brought to the resort. What a treat from the first place we stayed!!! Greeted by cold towels and fruit juice - nice!!We upgraded to a honeymoon suite so we had to wait a while for the room to be prepared. This suited us as we got a chance to look around. Very pleased with our room, well worth the money!!The resort itself is fantastic. There is so much room to walk about and everybody has plenty of space to feel completely relaxed. The pool was great but we spent most of the time on the beach as it was cooler down there.The food was varied and great. We tried everything bar the Oceana and Japanese places. Great steaks in the Sea Side Grill, Fajitas in El Patio are the best I've ever had. Breakfast in the World Cafe is everything you could want. So much to choose from, fruit, omlettes, freshly cooked doughnts!!! Wasn't too good for evening meals though.My only complaint of the who holiday was the maid servicee. On the first day we filled out a card to specify what time the room should be serviced at (we ticked 10.30 - 11) but it was never cleaned until the afternoon.The vendors can be quite annoying, especially the ones approaching you throughout the day for quad biking or horeseback riding etc. They have an answer for every excuse you give them!We booked two excursions with Apple Vacations. The Outback Safari was great because ou get to see the culture and beautiful scenery on the Island. The Saona island trip is also well worth the money.Advice: Bring whatever medication you might need with you as it is quite expensive to buy in the resort ($20) Don't show any interest in the vendors merchandise if you have no interest in buying it, they will just bug you until you buy smething.The evening entertainment wasn't the best, like watching a school talent show. We went to the casino every night instead and lost a load or money on the slot machines. Good fn though.All in all if you book this resort you will have a great time, especially if you want to relax. We're going back for our 5th anniversary and I can't wait!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1063,"mention":"Fajitas","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fajita"],"startOffset":1056}]}