{"text":"Wonderful Wedding on a Beautiful Resort My new husband and I, along with 31 family members, just came back from Dreams where we had the best wedding ever. This was my first visit to Punta Cana, and it definitely will not be the last. For the last eight months, I have been visiting this website to get any type of information I could, and for the most part everything was true. There were a few negative reviews that scared me terribly, but I guess you have to see it to believe it because I did not experience anything but exceptional service. There was one little bump we came to during check-in, but it was quickly resolved, and I definitely wouldn't base my overall rating on this one little experience. The Food: The good thing about an all-inclusive resort is the fact that you have so many choices. If you try one restaurant one day, and you didn't like it, then try another one. We always found something we liked. There are few people that had upset stomachs during the stay, but it's hard to say if it was the food or the unlimited drinks. As for myself, I never got sick from the food. The Staff: Wonderful!!!!!! Everyone is just so friendly, and by the time you leave, you will feel like you've made so many friends. The Entertainment: So amusing. During the day, there is plenty of poolside entertainment. We only went to one night show, which happens to be the same night my brother's girlfriend won the Miss Dreams Competition and a free trip back to the resort. The Beach: Beautiful. It is very rocky, but the good thing is that you can see the rocks. I loved just laying out on the beach and taking a dip in the pool wich is like 20 feet away from each other at the closest points. My Wedding: A fairytale come true! It could not have been any better. Juliana is amazing!! She exceeded all expectations that I had and much more. My guests are STILL talking about it. Overall, this has been one of the best vacations I've ever been on. I would most definitely recommend this resort to anyone planning a trip to Punta Cana, and I can't wait to go back myself. ","annotations":[]}