{"text":"over rated If want to sit on the beach and relax and don't care too much about anything else than this place is for you. Check in is a disaster be prepared for a long time at the front desk as the staff constantly stop what they are doing to answer the phones. Our room wasn't ready when we checked in and we couldn't get into it until after dinner and we still didn't have sheets on the bed and were asked to leave again so the housekeeper can finish the room. The restaurants are fair the chineese was good, the seafood was fair, italian was good this is the only restaurant open daily for lunch and dinner other than the buffet. The buffet is a typical buffet, but not all the food is labeled. There isn't a mexican restaurant on the property when we asked where it was the guest services informed us that one of the restaurants turns into a Mexican restaurant on Monday nights, but on Monday it was no where to be found and no staff knew where it was either. The rooms smell moldy, and we did have some mold in the corners of the bathroom. The pool is nice but the all inclusive package allows you to just use one pool,you can't use everything on the property. The spa is nice I would recommend a massage on the beach $75.00 (U.s) for 1 hour. The eco walk park they advertise is closed. The casino they're supposed to have n the property is also closed. The fruit basket and champagne they offer honeymooners wasn't ever sent to our room. Which if you're not comfortable with an open bathroom this isn't the place for you.There aren't any doors in the bathroom only shutter-saloon door style pieces of wood hanging in front of the toilet. So privacy is very limited. Make sure you bring tons of extra sunscreen as it's $26.00 for a small bottle in the gift shop and bring bug spray as there are a lot of mosquitos.. The pool is nice a long with the pool bar, but here's where you'll find the majority of the little kids. You could walk to everything on the property but there is a tram that will pick you up and bring you around also. The activities are hard to find and figure out where they are happening and when. There is also supposed to be a fun pub\/karaoke bar on the property but after a while we gave up looking for it.???? The beach is beautiful and well cleaned, the lounge chairs on the beach are comfortable but they do fill up fast so get there early. and he security on the beach does a great job on keeping away vendors and time share people. We weren't bothered by anyone once. There is a desk in the main lobby for any questions or concerns or help around the hotel but there are only two people working it so be prepared to sit for awhile as there is usually a line up. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1836,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1832}]}