{"text":"3rd time is a charm As a frequent business traveler, this is the 3rd time i have been to Hawaii since July. Every visit has forced me to stay at a different hotel, because of availability. This is the 2nd Hilton chain that I have spent a week in. This is much better and more convienient then the first. The second hotel should be refered to as a 1 star, although a high end 1 star hotel. I found the staff at the Prince Kuhio extremely professional, friendly and helpful. The valet staff was eager, energetic and responded quickly to arriving and departing customers. The counter staff addressed customers before they had to wait at the counter and as in most hotels I have stayed in, NEVER talked negatively about management and co-workers with hotel patrons within earshot. The staff at the lobby bar was phenominal. They went as far as to invent a drink for one of my travelling partners, because she was looking for something new. The rooms were always clean and the housekeeping staff, I found out late in my stay, was very creative, when then left a dog, fashioned from a large bath towel on my bed. The bathroom was newly remodeled and nice. The only concern I have is that the shower door leaked on the floor at the point where the hinge connects to the wall. I should have said something, but forgot until I began typing this. I had 2 travellers with me, and the staff ensured that not only we were on the same floor but in 3 rooms right next to one another. I found the laundry facilities convienient, clean and reasonable priced. The balcony was closed and the slider locked, but being in the construction industry, I understand the need to complete renovations and remain open for business. The noise was never an issue, because it was always at the end of the day when I heard it, and not something that would have offended me anyway. Overall, the hotel was great, and I will make every attempt to stay there again, when I return to Honolulu in February 07.The staff should disregard all the negative comments and remember that you are providing a great service in a time where upgrades and updates are being completed. I hope that during my next visit the hotel will be completed so I can see the finished product. I like what I see so far. ","annotations":[]}