{"text":"Locations, Locations, Locations! We booked the hotel through online agent, and being family with 2 young children, as usual booked a triple room for three. Turns out the hotel have a policy of maximum allowable number of people in one room - but was resolved, and we were helped by adding a mattress. With the price we're paying, we expected a teeny-tiny room with a broomcloset-like bathroom\/shower as with other hotels in Europe. I braced myself for having to do acrobatic tricks while taking a shower to cope with the cramped quarters. The room was quite small but not as small as the ones we had in London hotels with the same price, and found - surprise, surprise! - a (small) full bathroom with bathtub, that even have a bidet! It's true that the decors are too pinkish and flowery for my taste but who wants to stay in their hotel room and stare at the wall for too long in lively Barcelona? Furnitures are cloth covered plastic - but we only use them to dump our backpacks on when we were sleeping anyway! We opted for a room overlooking the Ramblas and we're glad we did. The view was magnificent and if you want you can stay for hours looking at the passing crowd and street performers below. Locations is everything for a hotel. Continental Barcelona is at the North end of Las Ramblas, only a few yards away from Plaza Catalunya, Barri Gothic, Metro, El Corte Ingles Dept. Store, Carreour Express, the stop for Barcelona Tour Bus and endless shops along Las Ramblas. Hard Rock Cafe and Starbucks is just around the corner so this one has a perfect location to start your adventure in Barcelona! Being family with children, we love the convenience of having the 24 hour snack and drinks at the hotel. No more rushing to the supermarket for evening milk for the kids while we were there! On Christmas day they even handed out free champagne for guests! The staff are very friendly, polite and helpful and they will go out of their way to make things work for you. Cristina, Peter and others at the front desk will make sure you have all that you need, and help out with enquiries on what to see and where to go in the city, even handed out the brochures for some of the local attractions. They were very helpful and caring, and help with taxi orders even after we have checked out from there! We will definitely stay there again the next time we visit Barcelona after our experience with the hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1488,"mention":"Rock","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rock_candy"],"startOffset":1484}]}