{"text":"Lovely hotel but not quite 5 star I am in the luxury hotel business in Europe. Alila Hotels web site projects a very high image which makes you think it is going to be of a 5 star quality. The Alila Manggis was built by the same hotel group as the Datai in Langkawi where we stayed some years back so we were expecting a very good hotel.I will say the same as for Alila Ubud which is that this hotel is good value for money. It is not 5 star quality but then the price is under 200 dollars a night compared to over 600 dollars for some other hotels on Bali. You get a lot of hotel for the money but some areas of service sometimes do not come up to expectations - not the friendliness or willingess of the staff but I believe the training.We stayed at this hotel in October 2006 for one week, in a deluxe room. The week before we had stayed at the Alila Ubud.Great position right on the sea although unfortunately someone told us, they lost the beach 20 year ago due to companies mining the offshore coral reef for building materials. Still there are great views down (what is left of) the beach and lovely views across to the islands.We loved the architecture and layout of this hotel although like Ubud it is showing signs of its age and needs some renovation work. There were signs that this was happening as some re-roofing and varnishing was taking place. The pool area is great with plenty of space. One strange problem was that the pool was so hot - like a warm bath which was not very inviting.Deluxe rooms nice and housekeeping excellent. Bathroom a little small and old fashioned these days but a manager said they were going to upgrade them soon. Lovely balcony overlooking pool and gardens.Really good food although quite expensive in relation to the price of the hotel. There are local alternatives which involve a (free) shuttle bus and these are conveniently timed for eating out in the local town. Recommend Vincents Restaurant in Candidassa.Service was always friendly and helpful although we found breakfast service a bit erratic. I have said this about Ubud but the staff seem to spend an awful ammount of time talking to the guests which as well as getting a bit much at times, has an effect on service as no one is doing anything!Service seems to be a strange affair at Alila Hotels as it can be so good and then it can drop which leaves you with a feeling of dissapointment. A good example would be that late in the afternoon, no one at reception or even the concierge would know what activities were taking place the next day and would tell us we had to wait for housekeeping to deliver the postcard with the information in the evening. This seems an odd way to run a hotel and it even happened that after that, some of the listed activities were then not available.It is true though, that all the staff were unstinting in their wish to provide good service and be as helpful as possible. A bit more training and better communication from the management could sort these problems out in no time.All in all a great stay and would definitely go again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1519,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1515}]}