{"text":"A good base for exploring Barca !! Just back from a 4 day stay in Hotel Icaria with my wife and 1 yr old daughter. Booked this hotel through researching online comments such as those on this page and I wasn't disappointed. First lets look at the bigger picture - Barcelona is a very big city which seems to be very geared towards tourism. The 'hub' of the city around the Ramblas is very busy (and much more expensive than elsewhere) and for anyone visiting they are going to explore the city using the tourist bus. Visitors want safe, clean and well located accommodation. Lets look at the positives:1. Icaria is on the edge of town, placed in the excellent (and seemimgly very safe) Port Olimpic area. Beautiful beaches and hundreds of bars and restaurants are a 5 minute walk from the hotel.2. There are 2 ATM's literally 200m down the street from the hotel.3. There is a small shopping mall opposite these machines.4. The tourist bus stops 200m down the other end of the street (10min ride from Las Ramblas). This means that travel to any tourist destination within the city basically leaves from your doorstep and drops you off there as well. Its away from the bedlam of the city centre yet within reach of it very easily.5. The hotel is clean, well maintained and staff dealt with any requests in a quick, professional manner.6. The restaurant food was very nice.7. Safe in room very secure and used friendly.Now for the negatives:1.The hotel seemed to have the feel of a 'business type' establishment, but there were other families staying there as well and we did not feel out of place. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and Icaria is as good as any. 2. The staff, while not overly friendly, are good at their job, which is the most important thing. 3. The pool seemed OK (it was too cold to use it) and the gym is basic (x2 treadmills, x2 cycles and a few free weights).4. The lighting system in the room is wacky - 9 bedside switches and each one does something different each time its pressed5. Mini-bar products massively overpriced (use the supermarket in shopping mall instead !!)6. Only x2 English speaking TV channels (CNN World and Nat. Goeg.)7. Shop around for best price - I rang the hotel directly twice - the first time they quoted me 200E per night then 1 hr later told me they had no availability. I then booked online and got a much better rate than this.So there you have it. In my opinion Icaria is as good an hotel as you will get in Barcelona for the above reasons. This being the first time we had taken our child abroad we were very happy with this Hotel and would recommend it to any friends or family planning a trip there. ","annotations":[]}