{"text":"Very good hotel with a few minor hiccups The staff at this hotel are lovely. They were extremely friendly and helpful. We had a few hiccups during our stay which they smoothed out with a smile as quickly as possible. (Some issues with the room key, and also our reservation was mistakenly taken down for one night rather than two.) They were also helpful with restaurant reservations, metro directions, etc.We stayed in two 'superior' rooms at 180 euro per night. The first was pretty basic but acceptable - certainly nothing overtly super about it - clean to a reasonable standard but not to, say, 5 star standard. There were some scuff marks on the walls, slight peeling, etc, but the room did appear to have recieved care, just to be a little bit aging. The second was room 56, with a little balcony and a stunning view of the Eiffel Tower from the desk and from the bed. This room was much preferred! I'd ask for it by number if I stayed here again. The rooms are average European hotel sized, which Americans will find relatively small. This being Paris, you won't spend time in the room anyway.For our purposes, the location left a bit to be desired - however, we are a bit of a party couple in our late 20s and we like to be able to walk to nightlife. On the other hand, it's a 5 minute walk to the Metro and the hotel is in a lovely, quiet neighborhood. It was also quite easy to take a taxi back to the hotel provided one can remember how to say '23 Ave Duquesne' in French at the end of a night out!If I were looking for a peaceful relatively inexpensive hotel in Paris I'd definitely stay here again. I'd send my parents here, for example. But next time we come we will probably try to stay somewhere with a bit more street life. PS -I'd have to say the Rue Cler is our least favorite place in Paris by a wide margin. It's full of tourists from Ohio talking loudly in English and generally being annoying. No wonder people have a hard time in Paris when they act like that! ","annotations":[]}