{"text":"Superb I stayed at The Fullerton with my wife and 3 year old son on a three night stay in Singapore in October. The arrival was perfect; all of the staff were excellent and attentive, however, I had booked a room with either a sea or river view; we received a room with no view, except that of the pillar at the side of the hotel, however, to their credit, they swiftly changed our room and apologised unreservedly.I was impressed with the way in which reasonable (though a little small) sized rooms have been carved in to a historic building. The rooms provided everything you needed for a relaxing stay. You get exactly what you see on the website. I would not say the rooms provided anything exceptional for a five star hotel, but I have no complaints in any way at all.The staff were absolutely excellent. My wife, son and I accidentally stayed on in the pool one night, about 20 minutes beyond it's closing time. Rather than disturbing us or informing us of his presence, the staff member remained indoors, in a location where we could not see him, and he waited to lock up until we had left. The business centre staff went the extra mile to find the difficult services that I needed. They also arranged for a scientific poster to be printed for me within 20 minutes. The deli\/cafe staff are excellent too, and made up some special food for my son. The concierge is wonderful and mapped out a host of things for us to see, do and eat. However, the restaurant staff are a little hit and miss; some were excellent, some were rude; also, we booked a room with champagne breakfast included, and there was no champagne at breakfast (not that we would have had champagne at breakfast).The location is excellent. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the metro, cabs are easy to get, and the walk along the river is fantastic in the evening. The pool is amazing. It's not huge, grand or exceptional in any particular way, however, you will be awestruck when swimming in it at night. Looking out whilst swimming, you have an amazing view of the city and the beautiful river walkway. You become awestruck and just remain at the side of the pool once you notice this. This may not sound impressive, but you must experience it; and if not for anything else, stay at The Fullerton for this alone. ","annotations":[]}