{"text":"Loved Bali and our cottage accommodation We visited Grand Bali Beach Hotel as a family. My husband and I, Grandmother and 15 month old. We stayed in two cottages right by beach which were extremely spacious with kingsize beds. My cottage had a dressing area as well.We looked at several rooms before deciding and staff were more than happy to do this.Staff also rushed around with luggage, sorting out general needs and spraying the rooms beacause of mosquito's then leaving mosquito repellers which were changed and filled each day for us.The rooms are tired and not everything worked perfectly but thanks to the comments I read on this site it was not a shock.For our family Sanur was the perfect location peaceful and buggy friendly. The beach path going past all reastaurants and bars and shops was perfect for the baby Bugaboo. Kuta was far too busy and not ideal with baby but great for a night out.Grandma loved her cottage and location.Enjoyed swimming in the sea and the pools at the hotel were very clean and not over chlorinated.Massages and manucures are offered by many on the beach we all had several. Also the hotel Spa was a lovely experience and still very cheap by Uk standards.There is a chap on the beach Wayan Suara he charges more but is very good for diagnosing problem areas, using acupressure and reflexology very painful massage which gives results, my back is so much better and Grandma's shoulder is also better after just two massages.We nicknamed him Mr Muscle which he quite liked. He is located oposite main hotel building under trees by the boats next to the pier. My husband recommends massage lady number 2. they cost betwen 3 GBP and 8GBP for an hour massage so take advantage.All the bars and restaurants on the beach are varied and so the choice each evening is wonderful although close early as resort is not that busy.We could have stayed at better class of resort but the money we saved by staying at this hotel goes a long way.The accommodation is three star but the service is 5 star. ","annotations":[]}