{"text":"Doubletree - Paper-thin walls! My friend and I stayed here April 11 - 13th as we wanted a little rest  relaxation away from the kids. My friend booked it as she stayed here years ago and really enjoyed it then. The room was ok, however the partition door to the living room could hardly be pulled closed. The TV in the bedroom was maybe a 19 - it seemed quite small compared to other hotels I've been to recently. The worst part of our stay started at 6:15 a.m. on the Saturday morning. We were awakened to an alarm beep going off. In trying to figure out where it was coming from, it kept getting louder and faster beeping. This went on for about 5 min., until I finally realized it was coming from the neighbor's suite next door. We called the front desk thinking that either no-one was in the suite or they were dead. The clerk could hear the noise through the phone. The front desk sent up the bellman who knocked on the door - they slept through that as well. Finally after another 5 min. of this annoying noise, it went off. Only to go off another 10 min later (they must've hit snooze). Since I was up anyhow, I went to the gym (which is the only thing nice about this hotel). My friend then said she could clearly hear the neighbor's conversation, coming through our walls. Meanwhile, I then spoke to the two girls at the front desk. I told them they have to move us if the people next door were not leaving today. The clerks said no problem they could see if there was anything on another floor. Upon getting to my room, I phoned to the front desk and asked to speak to the manager. I was asked what it was regarding so that she could put me in touch with the right manager. She transferred me to Michael, who we later found out was the Food  Beverage Manager and not the Room Manager. Michael was very nice and apologized and assured me we would be put in another room upon us coming back to the hotel later that night. When we got back, we talked to Steve at the front desk who might've been a manager. His customer skills definitely needed work. He didn't smile once. He didn't apologize. In fact, he didn't even hear of our situation and seemed quite choked that we were making him move us. All he said was that he was looking for another room for us. We were not impressed with Steve! Upon getting our new room, the sink tap came right off, and there was no knob on the temperature control (we cooked all night) to turn. So much for a nicer room. We think this place is a joke as far as being classified as a Hilton. It's definitely lost our business. ","annotations":[]}