{"text":"Bad at first, but got better Before I went to DR I was reading reviews here and getting a little nervous about the hotel, but still went with an open mind. Well, after a long day of travelling with my two best friends we arrived at the hotel and checked in. We got to our room and there were a couple of problems. 1) the water wouldn't go down the drain in the shower. We had to shower in flipflops and stop every 3 minutes to let the water slooowly go down. We called maintenance and after minutes of them not understanding I finally said shower not working and they came up... with a new shower head. I had to show him what I meant and he finally said ohhh and went to get draino and a plunger. 2) We had two working lights in the whole room. The wire of one of the lamps was cut. This isn't a big deal except that the guy who carried our luggage up in the first place tried to turn on the lamp and when it didn't work he just left it. It took us til it was dark out to realize that it was just broken. 3) Cell phone\/ipod\/camera chargers do NOT fit in their outlets! They designed to fit both American and European plugs but didn't take into consideration that phone chargers are block shaped. I got my ipod to charge because I propped up the charger. They didn't have any adapters for us so we had to keep our phones off all week. The first night we were all pretty upset because we hadn't encountered any Americans and the staff only spoke minimal english. On the second night we met a group of girls our age who actually live in the town over from ours. We went to the disco, which was a lot of fun except they play 20 minutes of american songs to every 40 minutes of spanish music, which is hard to dance to for us Americans. They should've alternated more. This problem persisted every night we were at the disco even when we requested American music. I had a night of sickness mid-week. I don't know what did it. The only thing that I ate that my friends didn't was the tuna at the buffet, but it could've just been my stomach reacting differently to some foods. I'll probably never know. It only lasted about a day and a half.We got screwed over in the plaza market, by the casino. One of the store owners told us that the peso to dollar ratio was more than it really was and we didn't find out til later that day when it was too late to do anything. Everyone takes american dollars so I would suggest taking out all your money before you get to the Dominican because their ATMs are just confusing.The cleaning ladies didn't leave us wash cloths any of the days so we'd have to call and ask for them. An hour would go by and we'd be waiting to shower and they still weren't there. We'd call again and a half hour later they'd finally show up. The next day they wouldn't even leave us clean ones so we'd have to go through the whole process again. BEWARE of the cat that roams the resort!!! He slipped into our room one night and the security gaurd took him out but after we shut the door he just kept meowing at the door. I called the operator to see if they could bring it some food or something and he accused me of lying and was flirting with me. Overall I did have fun. The beach is beautiful and the food is good. The disco is fun if you just let yourself have fun. None of the slot machines seemed to be lucky in the casino but the table games are good to play or watch. Just make sure you bring a spanish to english dictionary because they only understand what they're trained to know I guess. Also be aware that if you keep walking down the beach towards the palace you'll hit a little shopping area where locals sell jewelery and such. They will all flock to you, especially if you're a young girl. Don't fall for their charm. You can talk them down on prices so much. I got two necklaces that he wanted 25 each for down to both for $10. Wow this is long. Anyway, it is what you make of it for the most part. If you can tolerate the language barrier and mingle with other people it could be a really great trip. ","annotations":[]}