{"text":"Working girls storming the hotel i booked a room at the ritz-carlton as it was recommended by the international bar association for the conference in singapore. since i had to fly in early and my booking was only for the 14 oct onwards, i decided to try out the fullerton hotel. i remember reading it from the conde nast traveler magazine last year that the fullerton is the best hotel in asia but now i really wonder if they still deserve to be the best in asia. arriving in singapore on the 11 oct, i spent the weekend at the fullerton. on friday night, i returned to the hotel after a late dinner at boat quay and was surprised to see working girls going up the elevator with me. apparently there was no card access system in the elevators and almost everyone can go up onto the rooms. the girls in the same elevator with me was going to the room next to mine. it was really embarassing as the japanese gentleman actually mistaken me as one of them. i had to walk quickly to my room to keep the distance. i really dont understand how the fullerton could be number one when they cant even protect their guest with something so basic as a card access system. i'm an advocate in new york and have traveled far and wide but i have never seen a luxury hotel without a card access system. when i approached the front office the next morning asking to speak to someone about my problem, i had to wait for a good 10 minutes before a lady front office manager attended to me. the wait was already bad enough, the cigarette smell was even harder to bear. she was smelling as if she just came out of a smoke chamber. she couldnt explain to me why there was no card access system. i couldnt take a no for an answer and i approach the duty manager later in the morning. the manager by the name of dushanthan explained that there was a system but it was disabled by the management without giving a decent reason. this is totally unexceptable and i would never stay at the fullerton again. thank God, I am booked for the ritz-carlton for the duration of the conference. otherwise i dont know how i am going to sleep in peace for the next few days. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":277,"mention":"fullerton hotel","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Fullerton_Hotel_Singapore"],"startOffset":262}]}