{"text":"Noise Problems Our stay at the Merchant was spoilt by excessive noise particularly on a Saturday night. We had booked a (Business Executive) with small balcony overlooking the river. Rooms were miniscule compared to Exec Rooms at other Hotels we have stayed in, so I would class as just adequate. Certainly no frills for the extra dollars.We were there for 10 days and hit the Oktoberfest which was noisy but not a problem as they seemed to wind up each night about midnight and with curtains drawn was not a concern even on their last night so no complaints about that, it was fun to listen to. The problem was the many many nightclubs and bars which are growing at a rapid pace along the Quay area.I think this is going to be a major problem for the Hotel as after a couple of TOTALLY sleepless nights both Friday and Saturday, I was ringing around by 7 am on the Sunday morning trying to find alternative accomodation. I had actually given up trying to sleep by 4 am. and went down to do washing\/drying and ironing to get away from all the yahooing and screaming, from the young people (the bungee was still operating at 4 am. plus the live bands and constant thump of music from the nightclubs was unbearable. There were young people actually passed out on the walls of the bridge and others running up and down them until well after 5 am. shouting and yelling. In fact I can honestly say that after 8 trips over the last 20 odd years this was the first time we have witnessed drunken, rowdy and unruly behaviour. We have stayed 3 times at the Merchant and although only a *** star hotel I have mentioned on the list before that it has been worth it for the location\/pool area and we have never had a problem with staff, but sadly this will be our last stay.Let me be clear that I am not blaming the Hotel in anyway for the noise problem, after all they can't do much about it. After talking to reception people, and advising them that we were going to be moving hotels, they did everything they could and managed to change us to another room on the 12th floor and whilst not nearly as nice a view at least we managed to get good sleep for the rest of our stay. There were several people complaining so we were not alone.The staff were all fine and we have no complaints about how we were looked after.I agree with other reviews on the list, the Hotel is now well past its use by date and the only thing going for it was the location. Yes the CENTRAL shopping centre is just across the road and yes has heaps of Japanese Restaurants if you happen to like Japanese food, however some sections of the CENTRAL S\/Centre are just about an arms length of some of the hotel rooms. Wonderful view facing white glass and concrete walls if you are allocated one of those rooms!!!With everything changing now around the Clarke Quay area this has now become a Mini Teenage Yuppie Disneyland, all the old ambience of the river is now gone as the upmarket cafes, bars, restaurants have taken over. Mups ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2705,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":2700}]}