{"text":"Great Resort!! We stayed at the Ocean Sand from Dec.9th-16th 2006 and loved it! We went with another couple (we are all in our late 20's!) and can't wait to go back! I have stayed at other resorts in the Dominican and this was by far the best! It was everyone else's first time in the Dominican and they were all happy with the experience as well!A quick overview of our thoughts:Rooms - simple, but very well kept! Room service was amazing - we left the ladies in housekeeping a little something (stuff from the dollar store) everyday on our pillow and everyday they left us something in return (besides a spotless room!!!) They left us fresh flowers and shaped the towels into cool things like swans! If we ever needed anything (extra presidente!), they were quick to bring it! They all seemed very appreciative of the things we gave them. We were amazed at the long hours these ladies put in for probably little pay.......it was nice to give a little something back...Food - buffet was typical of any other resort! Lots of stuff to choose from but you get sick of it by the end of the week. However, with the choice of all the a la carte's, we only ate supper at the buffet two nights! We found the a la carte's good and enjoyed all of them! Beach - stunning! We had no problems ever getting chairs or towels, or anything like that! On the snorkelling excursion, we went in a boat down the beach a good ways, and trust me, Ocean Sand by far has the best beach of any of the surrounding resorts!! And as for cleanliness, we found it was always clean. They rake it with a tractor at least 2 times every day!Excursions - ATV excursion was awesome! Our guide Sergio was a blast! He spoke 5 languages and has never been to school! Part of the excursion is going to a cave and that would've been worth the $40 if that was all we had done! Our guide also took us through the villages where we handed out dollar store stuff to the children and he took us to his house. - Snorkelling excursion was not so great! They just take you out on a boat not far from the resort and you snorkel on a reef. There were not many varieties of fish and the water was kind-of rough. I've definitely been on better snorkelling excursions and wouldn't do that one again!Staff at the resort - All of them were so great! Luis in the animation team was a lot of fun! And the on-site doctor was amazing when my fiancee got an ear infection! He was the nicest doctor I've ever met!! The only complaint I had for the entire week was when we were checking out and I had been charged for a collect call I made to our health insurance company! I had to speak to a manager and ended up having to pay $11 but it wasn't the end of the world! The time share guys are for sure annoying too, but if you tell them right away to leave you alone, they will! And we definitely didn't get approached by anyone to buy any drugs!!!!!! Local Vendors - There is a flea market on the beach directly beside the resort where they all pretty much sell the same stuff! DO NOT pay the first price they give you for anything! You can barter down to about 1\/3 of that price always! And if you have stuff to give them (dollar store stuff, candy, etc) you can get them down even cheaper! We found that some of these men were a little miserable if you said you didn't want to buy anything from them, but they are not a reflection of the hotel! We also biked from the resort into Bavaro and found the same thing there. Some shop owners were great, others not so much! But they all sell pretty much the same stuff, so you just find one you like and buy everything there! The bartering can get annoying after a while but if you are persistent you can get reasonable prices!Don't think I forgot anything! Overall, we all had a great time and we are anxious to go back!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3187,"mention":"candy","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Candy"],"startOffset":3182}]}