{"text":"The Lobby is Deceiving I just got back from a four-night stay at NH Mexico City. The lobby looks newly redecorated and makes a decent first impression. However, once I stepped into the hallway of the 7th floor where my room was, I thought I was in a different hotel! An ugly and dated carpet lead the way to my equally dated and ugly room. The ceilings were low with several cracks. The beds were ultra firm (which I didn't mind) and the fixtures (light switches, bathroom mirror, etc) were crookedly attached to the walls. Overall the room (dingy and staid) was the complete opposite of the hotel lobby which exudes a modern and sleek feeling. I had gotten a great discount online and had read on this site to be aware that that this might afford me one of the pre-renovated rooms. I should have taken heed. I could have paid the extra $25US to upgrade to an executive room but wanted to deal as little as possible with the front desk. They were unhelpful and futzed up my reservation. I was locked out of my room the last night. When I got to the front desk I was told that I needed to present my room coupon by the same woman who checked me in and took my coupon. She said she never took it. Rather than argue, I went to the business center to print out the coupon again. The printer wouldn't print and the ladies at the business center had no clue why. I finally asked to use the computer they were using. Also, housekeeping had a tendency to knock as they opened the door to my room every morning at 8:30 AM. It served as great wake-up call but if you intend to sleep in be sure to put the No Molestar sign outside.My suggestion is: only stay at NH if you plan on getting an upgrade (although I haven't actually seen the upgraded rooms) and don't expect the best service. Otherwise, the location is central and enjoy the free internet stations in the very deceptively nice lobby. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1877,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1873}]}