{"text":"Great Resort My husband and I traveled to Excellence Punta Cana 4\/11-4\/17. My priorities were weather, service, drinks, and food. So I will address them in that order.The weather was perfect. While other travelers thought it was too windy to be on the beach, I found the wind kept me from getting overheated on the beach. The beach was beautiful. I got to my hut every morning at 7am so I was always able to get a prime spot. The water was rough. I am not a swimmer so I did not mind. Although a short walk to the right and you could definitely swim. The pool was also amazing. It was huge. Everyone hogged the pool floats. If you wanted one mid day you could not find one.The service was excellent. Everyone at the hotel was friendly. Even the people fixing the fountain would stop and say hola as you walked by. The entertainment staff (Franklin, Juan Carlo, Ines) were a lot of fun during the day. There were plenty of activities to keep my husband occupied while I lounged in my chair. The waiters at the restaurant were also friendly and helpful. The maids came twice a day to clean the room and for turn down service. I read other reviews before I left and I definitely tipped. I made sure to bring plenty of singles with me. Although if I did not tip nobody seemed phased. We also took tennis lessons from Rolando the tennis pro. It was $20 an hour for my husband and I. What a steal! I wish we knew about it on the first day, we would have went multiple times. Rolando was great and really helped us a lot. Horseback riding was also a lot of fun. My third priority was drinks. They were good. There were tons of bars. There were always service on the beach. They would come around once the bar opened with the drink of the day. I loved the mudslides and the presidente.Unfortunately my glowing review has to come to an end with the food. Last time we traveled to Sandals Royal Bahamian and the food was phenomenal. While there was plenty of food at Excellence I did not find much of it to be good. I do not think they used quality products. I also think they only way they knew how to season was to dump tons of salt on everything. Our first dinner at Agave was so salty I couldn't finish it. Plenty of people raved about the food but I did not enjoy it. We ordered room service one day and it wasn't even edible. Breakfast was decent. Lunch was ok. And for dinner we stuck to Chez Isabelle. We also went to dinner pretty early every night so we did not have to wait. However one night we went to dinner at 9 and they already stopped accepting people at Chez Isabelle and it was an hour wait at Toscana and Barcelona. I went to bed because the food was not worth waiting an hour for. I really hate to say anything bad about the resort but this is one thing that would keep us from coming back. ","annotations":[]}