{"text":"So pleased we believed the reports on this site We booked 2 rooms for 4 nights at the beginning of April  reserved our stay on the hotel website. However, it was working out pricey so rang the hotel direct  they gave us an excellent rate, thank you very much. We had rooms on the 6th floor but I asked to change ours after the first night  the staff were most helpful. A staff member kindly showed me a couple of rooms which were not acceptable to me. They said that as long as the occupiers of a room on the top floor didn't extend their stay we could change to this room. It had a queen bed not a king but this was fine by us.The folks left their room, we packed up our belongings  the staff moved our suitcase on our behalf, again thank you very much. The room was perfect  had great views, a bonus which was really appreciated, again thank you.The breakfasts were upto the fresh, plentiful  varied standard that we have come to expect from the Hampton chain. The breakfast seating area isn't that big as has been reported previously but enough room for everyone each morning that we were there.The bedrooms  bathrooms were SPOTLESS  beds so comfortable which is another reason we stay at the Hampton chain.One evening we were too tired to eat out  the concierge gave us a take-out menu for a nearby pizza place. It was delivered on time  was hot, tasty  very good value.We asked various questions re local info etc of the staff  the replies were always useful, helpful  delivered in a professional yet friendly manner, as though they were pleased we wanted to stay at their hotel. A special 'thank you' to Marcos for all his assistance.The free use of internet (another reason we stay at Hampton Inns) was useful to check-in online for our return flights home. It's located near the front entrance so no real privacy but this didn't matter on this ocassion.The only downside was when we booked a car, via the front desk, to take us back to JFK. We thought that this would be advisable as we didn't know if any cabs would take us becasue a lot of the cab drivers change shift at 4pm  we booked our cab for 3.30pm.The car arrived promptly but when we shut all the car doors it reeked of smoke. The driver then spent more than a third of the journey on his cell phone. I wouldn't book a car again as lots of cabs were going past  I'm sure we would have found one to take us to JFK.I did report this back to the hotel but I didn't have a reply.This area is fantastic to enjoy the sights, shopping, views  brooklyn bridge area. Our adult daughters loved it, especially the shopping in the Seaport mall  Abercrombie  Fitch nearby, very, very nearby!Access to all areas of NY was easy by subway  we really enjoyed being able to walk to the ferry  enjoy a ride.. it's free!!There is also a free Seaport area bus that stops at various areas in the Seaport district if you don't want to walk.We can't wait to return to NY  stay at this hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1308,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":1303}]}