{"text":"Beautiful Hotel The Oberoi in Seminyak, Bali is a beautful hotel and well worth a visit. We have just returned after spending a week there as part of our honeymoon and were very impressed.The rooms are all small bungalow style with thatched roofs. They come with huge comfy double beds, sunken baths, double sinks, TV's and all the mod cons you would expect of a 5 star hotel. The grounds are stunning and well maintained, the staff are amazing and so polite. The hotel is a little worn, but it is the oldest in the region and has a lot more character than any of the others.We paid extra for an Ocean View Lanai room. This really was a waste of money as the view was over the pool area and offered little privacy. The area prior to the sea is slightly raised and hinders any view of the ocean. I would recommend staying in the garden view rooms or if you are loaded, the villas are very nice and have private pools.We also made the mistake of dining in the restaurant. Although the food was out of this world, so was the price. This goes for the bar to. Prices in the hotel are well over inflated and in the region of 4 to 5 times more expensive than up the road in similar good quality restaurants. We only made this mistake once and ate out every night. You can get a decent 3 course meal for two with wine for about 拢30 nearby, but expect to pay about 拢150 in the hotel.I would recommend Reflections for breakfast or cheap evening meal. This is also a great bar with a good atmosphere. It is owned by a British lady who is most hospitable. For finer dining the Junction restaurant and bar is very good.The spa in the hotel is amazing and well worth a visit, but be warned again, a 拢60 massage in the hotel can be gained for about 拢5 just up the road.Be warned also that at the moment there is some building work taking place on the beach. This is out of the way of the hotel but can create some noise and minor disturbance. The beach is also filthy and covered in litter and 'hawkers' (beggars). This was most annoying and we found it a shame that the hotel didn't emply these beggars to perhaps clean the beach.The prices in this hotel have prevented me awarding an Excellent rating, but if you are prepared to pay, then this hotel is well worthy of an excellent rating. ","annotations":[]}