{"text":"Are you buying the sizzle or the steak? Don't get me wrong, as the Hilton Arc de Triomphe Hotel was definitely better than most I have stayed in in France, but then again you would come expect this from a Category Six ranked Hilton Hotel. As such, you would come expect that your experience would be superb and with out worry or issues, but this was not the case I experienced.I checked into the hotel and initially I was offered only a standard room! French language difficulties were of no concern as almost all staff speak English fluently even if you try to converse in French. For the record, I am Hilton Honors Gold member and I booked this trip using my Hilton Honors points at a cost of 120,000 points or 40,000 points a day. I insisted that I be offered a room on the Executive level, and I was accommodated, but I felt that I should not have had to ask for what had already been reserved.Upon arriving at my room the air conditioner did not work. Once again I felt that this should have been checked out ahead of my arrival. Needless to say, I had visit the concierge on the executive floor to be relocated to yet another room.The Executive\/Hilton Honors floor rooms are nicely decorated and quite comfortable, but the beds do have a single sheet, but a duvet instead. On hot days (July is humid), I had to request that a sheet be added below the duvet. Everything in Paris is quite expensive, so it was a real pleasant experience, unlike the US, to know that the Executive Lounge is stocked with snacks and food at certain times on the day. It is possible to actually eat a full breakfast, lunch and dinner in the Executive Lounge if you choose.Praise: 1. Definitely a better hotel that what is available elsewhere in Paris. For the price you pay you are left comparing actual value perceived versus high expense.2. The staff in the Purple Bar is outstanding and fluent in English.Criticisms:1. TIP: Housekeeping staff tend NOT to knock, but walk right in, unless your door is locked or you have the DO NOT DISTURB sign up.2. The staff in the Executive Lounge demonstrate a bit of an arrogant attitude, and this just shouldn't be the case, especially since most of those hotel guests are Hilton Honors members. A. I found one Executive Lounge waiter joking about another guest which is entirely unprofessional. B. Another Executive Lounge waiter handed me a fork by fork end and not the handle. He looked upset when I asked him for a different fork. Then I informed him that I am a sommelier by profession, and he should have known better. 3. The hotel staff service is definitely better than most other hotels, but it certainly is not the best I experienced on my two week trip to France. Had I not booked this stay using my Hilton Honors points, I would have been very disappointed if I would have had to pay for hotel stay as it was not exceptional by any means. ","annotations":[]}