{"text":"Felt like a convent I stayed at El Convento last week for two nights on my way to Antigua. We planned on staying an additional third night before returning to the US until we experienced what felt like being trapped in a convent. The two nights were awful. The hotel is way overprized for what you get. The rooms are mediocre at best. We stayed in two different rooms and in both rooms the flat screen TV buzzed. The bathroom in the second room was missing a bath stopper and had no water pressure. When we were napping someone attempted to enter the room in the early evening (not during cleaning hours). We asked the front desk and they knew nothing of it. Additionally, we inquired about a scooter rental at the front desk. The concierge said he would look into it and never followed up with us. The next morning we ordered orange juice and was charged $12 for one glass!! The only newspaper they offered could only be read in the lobby. After these bad experiences we tried to cancel our third night while we were in Antigua. The front desk kept on transferring me to a reservations line where no one picked up. Finally after asking to speak with the manager they said we could not cancel less then 72 hours before the stay. We explained that we already stayed there two nights at almost $400 a night and they still would not allow us to cancel without being charged. After arriving in San Juan for our third night in the city we were forced to return to the hotel since they already charged us. Once we got there we had to request the manager again and only after stressing that our stay was unpleasant and that we felt like we were being forced to stay at their crappy hotel did they credit us. This was all done in the lobby in front of other guests and I believe they only gave in because of this. I found this hotel on the Small Luxury Hotels of the World listings, the hotel claims to be a 4 star luxury hotel yet we were greatly disappointed due the poor treatment we received and the just average standard of the rooms. My advice is to skip out on El Convento it certainly is not worth the price and headache that awaits you. ","annotations":[]}