{"text":"A fabulous hotel: the perfect base for the perfect holiday. I have just returned from a fabulous stay at this lovely hotel. I took my Mum to Paris to celebrate her 80th birthday, and found this gem of a hotel after hours of internet searching. It really did live up to all the best reviews. Although the hotel is being refurbished at the moment, which meant that the corridors were in the process of being decorated, we were fortunate to be in a newly refurbished room, and everything was immaculate. Very tasteful decor,everything spotlessly clean, and comfortable beds and pillows. The room was big enough and had great wardrobe space and an immaculate bathroom with a great shower and boiling hot water. It took us a long time to work out how to open the mini bar but it was fun trying! We were incredibly lucky to get room 55 with twin beds as I had requested - I draw the line at sharing a double with my mum! The views from 55 are really breathtaking - the tower is so much more impressive by night, and Les Invalides is equally stunning. We could even see Sacre Coeurs in the distance! Obviously not all the rooms can offer this view but it's only a 15 minute walk to get to the real thing and it's a lovely walk too. The location of the hotel is fantastic - metro stations close by and easy to walk to Musee Rodin, Les Invalides and of course to the Tower and River. We also walked to the D'Orsay and across to the Place de La Concorde.The staff at this hotel were brilliant. All spoke perfect English and were so helpful, planning metro routes and offering advice. We would recommend the dinner cruise on the Bateau Parisiennes - at 95 euros it wasn't cheap, but we were treated like royaly, the food was delicious and there was more wine than we could drink, along with great music and the breathtaking views of all the sights along the river. It was a spectacular end to our four day break, and my Mum loved every minute. We recommend the Thai restaurant adjacent to the hotel, and the Italian just round the corner.I can't imagine how anyone could be disappointed by this hotel, and although the view is a bonus, it's still worth visiting because of the lovely decor, comfort, friendly staff and fantastic location. Next time I'll be taking my husband and hopefully leaving the kids at home... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2187,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":2180}]}