{"text":"Great location Stayed at the Sir Stamford, as I was attending a two day conference in the hotel itself. I was there with my wife and a business colleague and his wife.The location of the hotel (as other reviews have said) is outstanding. You are across the street from the Botanic Gardens and 2 mins from the Opera House and the ferries at Circular Quay.Our room was on floor 4 and was very large, with a double bed and large sitting area. The room was very clean and maintained to a good standard. Although we had a very small balcony the view was of other buildings rather than the sights, but not a problem. There is a small outdoor pool and sitting are on the 5th floor, which my wife used on one occasion. Minor moan was that internet access was $99 for one week (I think $25 per day) ....this should be free in this day and age!The conference facilities are downstairs and ideal for what we were using them for.As our flight from the UK arrived at 5am, we requested a very early checkin. My colleague's room was available as we checked-in and ours was ready within about one hour, so well done to the hotel for sorting that out at no extra charge. The concierge was very helpful and arranged taxis etc. The day we left was the day of the Sydney Marathon; the runners running past the hotel, but despite that the concierge had it all in hand and had contingency arrangements in case the taxi couldn't get down the street. Well done !Breakfasts were of a high quality, with a buffet and a la carte for more specialised stuff. Used the large bar area on a couple of occasions, but the decor was very dark, so wasn't all that inviting. This was a minor comment and shouldn't detract from the overall quality of the hotel.One final comment....the conference food (lunch) was excellent with a large buffet with lots of choices, including a never ending supply of large prawns and seafood.I would definitely stay here again and prefer this location to Darling Harbour which is full of skyscraper hotels a nice, but touristy, area of Sydney. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2008,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2004}]}