{"text":"Wonderful Hotel - thoroughly recommended!!! We stayed at the Hotel Elysees Regencia for 3 nights in late December 2006, and we were thoroughly impressed. I travel a lot for business (though was on holiday in Paris), so I tend to have certain things that I look for in any hotels I stay in, and the Elysees Regencia certainly came through with the goods! The staff were very friendly and helpful, without exception. The ground floor reception area was beautiful, with a lot of charm and atmosphere. The lounge area behind reception was great, with a computer set up with free internet access, as well as free wireless access available for those with their own laptops. This saved us time and money. We felt very welcome, and even had a personal note from the Manager welcoming us and wishing us a Happy Anniversary - we thought that was great! Our room was on the first floor, and although it wasn't the largest room we've stayed in, it was more than adequate for the two of us with all of our luggage, and fanatstic value for Paris. We loved the decor in the room - it was neither clinical nor old fashioned as many hotel rooms seem to be in Paris. We had a lovely window overlooking a very Parisian-looking street. The bathroom was large by Paris standards, with a powerful shower, and the toilet was seperate, which I think is a good thing. We loved the L'Occitane toiletries - certainly not your run-of-the-mill! High quality and very French. The turn-down service each night was lovely, with a delicious chocolate and a L'Occitane refresher towelette left on our pillows. The position of the hotel was fabulous - with the Champs-Elysees, The Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe all within close walking distance. The Metro was also just down the road. Despite the close proximity to these busy sights, the Hotel itself was very quiet, despite being situated on a relatively busy street, so we were able to escape the hustle and bustle and get a good night's sleep. There is a lovely little street located just behind the Hotel which has a supermarket, liquor store, patisserie and chemist. It was very handy. We have stayed in Paris a number of times before, and have never enjoyed a hotel experience as much as we did at the Elysees Regencia. We would certainly stay there on our next trip to Paris, and would recommend it to our family and friends. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1517,"mention":"chocolate","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":1508}]}