{"text":"SPECTACULAR in SAN FRAN!!!!!! What an amazing place to stay in San Francisco. I don't know what I can say that hasn't been said on here by hundreds of other posters. The location is amazing, simply central to everything. Cable car right outside your door. What I can offer is that I really don't understand people who have posted on here and complained the rooms are too small. NOT TRUE. It is a nicely sized room for a boutique hotel of its vintage and quite honestly still comparable to many rooms that are much much newer. Bless you all that read and post on this site but I think too many of you, especially those of us here on the West Coast have been spoiled by the luxury SUITES in Las Vegas and compare those to regular hotels. Remember, those are suites and they're primary goal is to get you into their hotel so that you gamble and leave all your money behind. That's not so with this hotel. I found the staff to be extraordinary, they never tried to upsell me anything, whether it be tours, upgrade rooms or even their room service or restaurant. In fact I asked several of the staff for advice on numerous things and they always suggested what would be the easiest and cheapest way of doing things. I found that very refreshing. They spoke to me as a friend and not some pre-rehearsed routine like so many of the big hotels do. They weren't trying to take my money, they were trying to help me enjoy my whole San Francisco experience. I'm not sure what General Manager Wes Tyler puts in their water, but whatever it is...it works. They entire staff has bought into it and the funny thing about it is, I think he's told them to just be themselves and not worry about impressing the guests...BUT I AM IMPRESSED. As I mentioned earlier, this hotel is everything you need or want, the location is great, the rooms are great, the rooms are spotless ( big thing for me ) the amenities are great but most of all the people and service here is second to none. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here and I hope that Mr. Tyler has some big plans to celebrate the Chancellor's 95th and 100th Birthdays because I will definitely be back.!!!! ","annotations":[]}