{"text":"DON'T GET MARRIED HERE...Nice Place Otherwise My wife and I got married here last December. While everyone had a good time, the organization of the resort and service from management was horrendous. Do not get married here. 1) We had problems reaching the resort through the entire planning process. No voice mail for wedding coordinator, no e-mail responses, nobody else to talk to. They have one woman who handles ALL the wedding plans there. She is worked to death...they need at least 2 more people to help.2) The wedding started 45 minutes late and ended up taking place in a rainstorm. The ceremony was thus very rushed and the wedding coordinator for the resort ended up pronouncing us man and wife, not the minister we paid for. We have yet to hear why the wedding started late. The rain is not the issue...the issue is we had everyone sitting on the beach for 45 minutes with no idea what was going on. Bride and groom were notified only 10-15 minutes before schedule pickup time of the delay.3) The picture package was not what we asked for form the photographer. Furthermore, we picked up the pictures from a guy who spoke very little English and his English seemed to get worse when he saw we had problems. 4) We asked for credit from the resort for all the mishaps. They said fill out a Customer Satisfaction form and they would accomodate us. Back in the States now, we have yet to get any kind of reimbursement and they're making up these stories like they're not even reading the complaint. Again, still no explanation for reason why the wedding started late. The resort itself is very nice and as long as you don't need them to do something as important as a wedding, the place is fine.Lots of people get married there though and I hope I can save some people from going through the same problems we went through.Feel free to contact me with any questions. We had a photographer NOT affilaited with the resort we used for our sunset cruise reception who did a phenomenal job and was priced significantly better than the resort. I can give you his contact info. ","annotations":[]}