{"text":"The Negative Reviews are Correct The ONLY reason to stay at this resort is if you love Frank Lloyd-Wright-INSPIRED architecture (he was merely a consultant to the architecht-of-record). Admittedly, the main building's exterior and interior are stunning and worth seeing, even if you are not an architecture buff. It is probably one of the most beautiful hotel lobbies in the world.However, once you get past the main public areas, everything changes for the very worse. The rooms are not a good value (conference rate is $300) and, more importantly for me, the service is erratic and mostly well below average. My wife and I stayed at this resort for four nights, which gave us time to get to know a number of the staff, particularly those working in the lobby area. They are generally very good people, but I believe they (and, consequently, the guests) are victims of horrible service training. Too many times I had to call a manager over or begin to make a scene before I would receive the service you deserve at a self-proclaimed high-end hotel.For example, most nights it was nearly impossible to find a server on patio areas near the fire pits. Once, I went inside to the bar and asked a server for assistance. She told me that the patio was not her area and that she could not help me. I found the chief bartender and told him about my exchange. He apologized and took my drink order. Later, the server came outside and offered help; she then explained that she had been trained not to take over another server's area. I doubt very much you would ever have a Four Seasons or Ritz employee say No to a simple and reasonable request.Upon check-in, I was informed that I did not have a reservation for my first night, despite having the email confirmation with the correct dates with me. The front desk clerk was unimpressed when I showed him the email (he didn't even look at it). He commented that the hotel was full and that I may have to come back the next day. Only after I told him that it was his obligation to comply with my reservation did he offer me a suite at a discounted price.The suite was large, but, as another reviewer commented, it was appointed like an Embassy Suites. Also, my wife and I could hear every noise and tidbit of conversation coming from the closed off adjoining room (and they could hear us, too).Several ordinary requests from housekeeping went unfulfilled.I ordered some snacks and a small bottle of vermouth (retail price in Ohio is $6) from room service. When the employee finally arrived, the bill indicated that the vermouth was $75! I refused the bottle, but the employee explained that I would first have to talk to the manager. I refused to do so and sent the server away with the bottle.You get the drift. Beautiful hotel. Lousy service (more accurately: very poor training by Hilton, the manager). I will never recommend someone stay here, but it is worth a visit just to look around. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1578,"mention":"Four Seasons","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Four_Seasons_Restaurant"],"startOffset":1566}]}