{"text":"Good central position - across from Hyde Park. Overall we were well satisfied with the Sheraton during our 3 night stay here. We took advantage of the hotel's special offer (on their own website) of pay for 2 nights and get the third (consecutive) night for free. Decided to splash out and book an Executive suite for A$430 night, so in fact paid a total of A$860 for three nights (average A$285). We had a city view (not worth writing about) but you could pay more for a park view if you wanted to.We had Executive Lounge priviliges which basically meant breakfast on the 21st floor (not as lavish as the ground floor breakfast for everyone else, but then that was a cost of about $40pp) with the lovely harbour views, less people, etc. And great coffee. In the evening between 5-8pm you could also go to the Lounge for drinks and canapes etc, free internet use and very attentive and friendly staff. The food and drinks were more than ample to keep us going to breakfast - no problems there.Room was on the 15th floor and was very modern, stunning bathroom with black marble and very comfortable king bed - slept like a log. Plenty of space with desk and chairs. Gripes - even at $430 listed price per night, the hotel could not extend itself to provide free internet access from the room, so we limited ourselves to use it in the Lounge. They also charged for two small bottles of water from the refrigerator (There were two large bottles of water on a cabinet which clearly had a price of $8 over it so you knew those two were not complimentary. I then checked the bar price list and no mention of any charge for the two small water bottles - each only 400ml. But they apparently are not complimentary). I believe Sheraton management should start to move with what is happening in overseas Sheratons - provision of free internet (ie include in the room tariff), provide complimentary water (or at least clearly disclose a price), and also provide a clock that can take an I-Pod - many travellers take their music nowadays!! I have deducted one mark due to the 'gripes', but on balance a good welcoming hotel, big foyer and attentive service. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":754,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":748}]}