{"text":"Weak start, strong finish If not for a poor start, I would consider rating this hotel as excellent. To begin, the hotel has a visitor's desk at the airport where you can get transportation to the hotel at a reasonable rate (good). Regrettably, the clerk put me on a bus to the wrong hotel (bad). Not a big deal. Mistakes happen. They quickly rectified it by having a limo pick me up quickly and transport me to the correct property. I arrived there at 3:30 P.M. and was notified that they had granted some guests a late checkout and that my room wouldn't be ready until 9:00. 5-1\/2 HOURS LATER! Why they granted guests such a late checkout is beyond me! I was perturbed, to say the least. The clerk tried to assuage me with a coupon for a free drink at the bar, but this only angered me more. I went for a walk to kill time and returned at 8:30 to find that my room was ready. After midnight, the phone woke me up 3 times. Apparently, someone in another room was calling the wrong number. I was a bit annoyed that the operator wouldn't tell me who it was or that she didn't offer to call that person and ask them to stop the calls. Eventually, I set the phone on DND and that put an end to it. To be honest, I needed a full day to get past a horrid start. But I'll give credit where credit is due. The hotel rebounded strongly! First, the room was very clean and comfortable and it is connected via a walkway to Langham Place shopping center. It is also right next to Mongkok transit station. They have the best fitness center of any hotel I've ever been at in addtion to numerous holistic therapy offerings. It's quite impressive! The staff is extremely courteous and friendly. The hotel has an internet access area with about 8 PC's or laptops that are free for the guests to use. There was always one available when I went there. I ate at one of their restaurants (the name escapes me) and had a very good meal. During one of my stops at their internet access center, I accessed their website and sent some feedback about my disatisfaction with the start to my stay there. I was pleasantly surprised to return to my room that evening and find a message from a manager apologizing for the problems and asking to discuss them with me. I never got a chance to talk to him because of my schedule. However, we corresponded via email and he removed the bus fare charge to the hotel and the limo charge back to the airport from my bill - a generous and appreciated gesture. Finally, I should mention that the concierge desk was extremely helpful and made things very conveneint. I should cite Eddie Ho in particular. He couldn't have been nicer and went beyond my expectations as to assisting me. In summary, I give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and chalk the poor start up to a bad decision on their part, but then they made up for it after that. I would probably stay there again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1419,"mention":"Langham","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Langham_Place_Hotel","http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Langham_Hotel,_London"],"startOffset":1412}]}