{"text":"NO LUXURY-If anything a Motel 8 All the reviews were accurate; but I had to stay here because my friends got married here. For the $ that they were charging and listed as a luxury hotel-THEY HAVE A LOT OF NERVE! 1st you have to pay for parking (what hotel does that when you are lodging there); 2nd - Paying $10 per day for internet service. Again..what large luxury hotel does that? My room was filthy; I took a shower with my flip flops on and I was the lucky one out of my whole group (60 people). Every bridal party member was advised when they got to the hotel that their reservation had been cancelled - after the bride literally had a meltdown..all of sudden they found rooms. Who does this to a bride  groom who spends tons of $$ to get married here (besides the point that we are all from NY). Another note-DO NOT DISTURB on your door doesnt mean anything to the staff - every single day (and numerous times) they would knock on the door; but when you actually needed services - no one was around. I could understand..but way too expensive. In addition, once we arrived there..we realized that all of us were on a different rate when we all booked at the same timing; worse; 1 of my friends decided to stay here the last minute; called on Friday night; and literally got the best deal from everyone else. The fact that the bride had to deal with so much drama is so baffling to me. Another note, gratuity of 18% is automatically added - meaning even if you go up to the bar and ask for a drink - so obviously service at the pool bar was not so adequate..why should it be..when your tips are included..whether you do anything or not. One more thing...you have to pay $5 for a beach chair..DO NOT BOOK HERE....even if they are charging $50 a night. Another note, Friday evening I get back from dinner and see a large group of people; they had booked 7 rooms back in October of 2007 - they were advised that all of their rooms were cancelled..they wouldnt even give them 1 room; one more..of of my friends called 3 days before to confirm; in which they again told him his reservation was cancelled and only a $1400 suite was available; my friend desperate as he was decided to take the room for 1 night--when he arrived no room for him.but they had already charged his credit card for said amount; lastly, a couple woke up at 8AM to find a man looking at them while they were sleeping - there are no double side door locks if they decide to split up a suite and make it 2 rooms; another couple got a room with literally just a couch in the room (probably again a suite that they split up) - no pillow; no blankets; no sheets..just a couch; poor wife had to urinate in a garbage pail in the room. ","annotations":[]}