{"text":"Simply Awesome!!!!! All I can say is WOW WOW WOW!!!!!!! I booked a circular suite (7th floor - the highest one available) because of a) a king bed, b) the view and c) the soaking tub. The hotel is extremely calm and peaceful, and it smells good everywhere you go. What really sets it apart, though, is the service. My husband and I are here celebrating our anniversary. I mentioned this when booking the room. We arrived 3 hours before check in, and the woman at the front desk was extremely friendly and polite. As it turned out, our room was ready (we were expecting to have to store our luggage). The view of the bay bridge is absolutely incredible. Around 10 minutes after we got into our room, (the luggage was brought up immediately following), a bellhop arrived with a bottle of sparkling wine, glasses, a plate with strawberries, grapes, dates, a fresh apricot and apple and a card that said how much the hotel appreciated our staying there. We (of course!) drank and ate, and then wandered out to the ferry building and down the Embarcadero. We returned a few hours later to find a vase filled with fresh flowers, roses and stargazer lilies (I think...I'm no flower expert but they smell really good) and a handwritten hallmark card wishing us a happy anniversary and signed from the housekeeping staff. We felt incredibly well taken care of and are so impressed at how far everyone went out of their way to make us feel special. As all of the previous reviews have stated, the bath products smell better than anything, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The automatic shades are awesome too - the sun would have woken us waaaay to early if not for those. One last note - we do not regularly spend $700. on a hotel room - this was a splurge for our anniversary. We will be returning to SF after a conference and staying at thbe 4 Seasons (also a splurge for us). I have doubts that they could ever beat our experience here....but we'll see! By the way....I'm writing this from the hotel as we wait for our massage appointments at 11 am. ","annotations":[]}