{"text":"Great hotel, loved it! We chose this hotel based on reviews on this site and we were not disappointed, this is a great hotel. The hotel is on Rue du Mont Thabor a little side street parallel (one down) with Rue Saint Honore which has some lovely designer shops and also useful shops like a chemist, an off licence ,etc. If you are looking for jewellery go to Place Vendome, off Rue Saint Honore. As others have said the location is excellent, about 5 minutes walk from the Louvre. After much consideration we decided to take a taxi from the airport rather than brave public transport with large suitcases. It was definitely the stress free way to travel, although obviously more expensive at around 40 - 50 euros for the trip.We were given a lovely room on the 5th floor facing the front of the hotel with a small balcony. It was heaven sitting out on the balcony sipping french wine in the sunshine after a long day walking round Paris. We had superb weather the entire time which helped!The room was not particularly large and neither was the bathroom but both were clean, well laid out and well decorated and had everything you needed, eg safe, mini bar, desk and chair, internet connection, easy chair, etc. Comfy big bed with comfy pillows. My only issue would be with the shower which was a mixer taps over the bath type one. The temperature and water pressure were variable, presumably depending on who else was using their shower at the same time! The air con was great so at night the room was cool, dark and also quiet - perfect!Dont eat breakfast in the hotel unless its part of your package. If its not it costs 58 euros for two and although its a good spread its just not worth that much. Go to Rue Rivoli where there are loads of cafes (out of the hotel, turn left then first right and its the first street you come to, with the Jardin des Tuileries opposite). We liked The Carrousel which is on Rue Rivoli almost opposite Les Arts Decoratif. We didnt eat dinner in the hotel so cant comment on that. We went to the restaurant Les Flottes the first night (the concierges are really helpful re restaurants) and had a great steak. Not cheap but then this is Paris! In fact our only real gripe about the whole holiday would be the price of food and drink - I didnt think it could be that bad compared to Edinburgh or London, but I was wrong! Although we speak some french, all the staff we met spoke excellent english and were really helpful.All in all we had a fantastic time in this hotel and will definitely be going back.I will be detailing hints and tips on the Paris Forum so if you are going soon, check it out. ","annotations":[]}