{"text":"An Overpriced *Conference* Resort This was the first holiday we were taking with our 4 month baby and wanted to minimize travel - hence our choice to go for an all inclusive resort. We were sadly SO disappointed! My husband and I have stayed at several resorts around the world and Rio Mar was by a long stretch, the least value for money.Firstly, Walking into Rio Mar felt like we had walked into a conference .There were business executives walking around with their conference badges (who looked like THEY needed a vacation!). So please know that this isn't a 'quiet or exclusive' resort. It's choc-o-bloc with business travelers.An extension of the point above - Everything is priced like you have an expense account. We ate at 3 restaurants and each meal averaged $75 (not including taxes)There were *MANY* entrees and appetizers that were repetitive across the restaurants, especially between Marbella (the breakfast place) and Aqua Luna (the more formal restaurant). The entrees at Aqua Luna wasn't anything to rave about and the staff ( manager included ) couldn't make any worthwhile wine recommendations. Shimas - the sushi restaurant was lovely and we would highly recommend it. Some housekeeping stuff that left us perplexed - 1) Most mornings we were out and when we returned at noon, the room service hadn't come in to clean the room. For 4 days in a row, they came in only close to 4pm. 2) They do not replace the first complimentary bottle of water with a 'pay as you consume' bottle which is the case in all resorts we have been too. When my husband enquired they said, above the cost of the bottle, there would be a $5 room delivery fee!3) After we discovered that the minibar in our room was locked, we were told that the minibars don't function - they have stopped providing this service all together !! So the minibar is like a piece of furniture :) We did however enjoy the beach and the pools !! But really the hotel needs to improve their service, or at the very least improve their standards for the price they are charging for hospitality. ","annotations":[]}