{"text":"Worst Experience Ever! This was the single worst experience I have ever had in a hotel. I use the term hotel very loosely. I'm saying this because I am of the understanding that the difference between a hotel and motel is that the guest enters the room of a motel from the parking lot (outdoors) whereas a guest of a hotel must enter the room from an indoor corridor. You do not directly enter this hotel from outdoors but the rooms are arranged in a type of villa setting. If that's your thing cool, but I was not prepared for that. For the $150\/night myself and my two co-workers had to shell out for our rooms (for four nights) I expected to have a corridor. Anyways there were many many things that went wrong during this trip. First of all the heat was not working at all. Our rooms were extremely cold at night. We kept complaining but were told that it was being worked on. Finally on the third night we were offered extra blankets, only there were only two blankets and a space heater. I got stuck with the space heater and while I was drying my hair the breaker for the room got tripped. When I went to the desk to get the power turned back on I was told you shouldn't have been running the space heater while you were drying your hair. Like I was supposed to know that the room had poor wiring. If they had just apologized for the inconvenience instead of blaming it on me, I wouldn't have been as upset.Then there's the issue with the Shuttle. We did not rent a car b\/c we thought there was this great shuttle. Hardly. You had to sign up for the shuttle the evening before for the time you needed to be dropped off and picked up. So I'm sure you can imagine how difficult it is to get the shuttle for dinner if you are staying with people who don't make up their mind where they want to go to dinner until like an hour before their ready to go. We ended up taking cabs pretty much everywhere. Then on our last day we were told that the shuttle could drop us off at our meeting and then pick us up when we were ready and take us to the airport. I specifically asked even if we've already checked out of the hotel and the response was oh yeah that's fine. Then the last day comes and we are packing our suitcases into the trunk and ask the driver to make sure and he says Oh no. I'm not allowed to pick you up after you've checked out. There is too much liability Whatever that means. The point is the staff was not very competent, during our trip.We were offered a discount for the inconvenience of the heat not working, but that does not make up for the incompetence.Anyways there is more of the same that went on but I will stop here because it's just making me more upset just thinking about it. All in all I will never stay there again and I will definitely not be recommending this place to anyone. ","annotations":[]}