{"text":"They thought of everything My two friends and I(50 something) chose this hotel for a girlfriend getaway and it was perfect for our needs.We arrived on Friday night and getting a taxi from the airport was very easy and quick.My one and only complaint is the room we reserved and reconfirmed the day before was not available. We reserved a room with two doubles, but they said the only thing available for that night was one king. They had a big party in the lobby and the only way they could accomodate them was to give them our room for the night. One of my friends planned on sleeping on the sofa anyway, so we agreed .They did comp the extra person fee as our original reservation was for two and later turned out to be three. We thought that was fair.The next day around 2 they moved all our stuff, we didn't have to wait around, and just stopped at the desk to exchange keys.The staff were all friendly and at least twice a day someone would ask if everything was ok with our room.One day we forgot the do not disturb sign on the door all day and there was a message under the door saying what time the maid was there and if we needed anything like clean towels, don't hesitate to call. I really like the layout of these suites. There's quite a space between bedroom and living room and a tv in both rooms, so especially travelling with friends who might be on different clocks, you don't have to tip toe around for fear of waking someone up. There's a frig,microwave,coffeemaker,coffee ,tea and I brought some paper plates and plastic cutlery that really came in handy with leftovers.There's a large grocery store around the corner, so we kept the ice bucket full and had a lot of drinks and snacks in our own little place. A standard room wouldn't have been nearly so comfortable.The beds were very comfortable and the powerful shower was heaven, expecially after a day of walking around in that heat. I read a review saying the pool was cold,well,not anymore. We thought it was perfect. By July, it'll probably be too warm. This Puerto Rican sun is hot,hot,hot! There always is a breeze tho, so it doesn't seem as hot as other places I've been in May.We thought the breakfast in the morning was a huge savings and very good. The first day I skipped the omelettes and just had scrambled eggs, but don't do that. You pick all your own ingredients and put it in a bowl, then wait about 2 minutes and yumm. There's also bacon, sausage, potatoes, fruit, pastries and more I've forgotten. Really a nice way to start the day.The manager's reception at night was nice, but not worth a trip back to the hotel if you're doing something else. They serve only Medalla beer, their mixed drinks are quite weak, and surprisingly enough I liked the wine the best. The chardonnay was actually quite good.Another convenience here was free internet in the lobby(3screens). There were quite a few businessmen when we were there, so I only had a little wait a couple times. I imagine when there's more kids in the summer, that might be a different story. I think there's also free service in rooms, but I didn't check into that.The biggest complaint I've read about this hotel is that it's not on the beach. I guess if you want to spend all day on the beach, that would be a consideration. We only spent an hour or two each day so the block and a half walk was no inconvenience to us.After a long tiring day that pool was so nice and never a problem finding a chair at anytime.Again, that might change in the summer. The area around the hotel has lots of restaurants from American chains to cheap authentic to posh and upscale and you can walk to all of them,Im not a fan of chain restaurants, but the Outback in the hotel was actually quite good. It's about $20.00 for a cab to OSJ and the rain forest is about 45 minutes away and a definite must see.When you add it all up, this is a great location and a great value. We would definitely return. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2503,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2499},{"endOffset":2503,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2499}]}