{"text":"location is the only good thing it's got going for it This hotel is in a great location in Berlin, I'm sure every single other review will rave about the location. However, that's really the best aspect of staying here. If you are planning to stay here, one very important fact about this place is that THERE IS NO LIFT. So if you have heavy luggage then this is going to be problem, not even after you check in, but starting from before you even enter the front door. The front door is already up quite a few stairs, we had very heavy luggage and boxes as we were there for many days and had to bring work materials for the exhibition. Don't expect any help with your luggage as there is usually just one staff behind the desk and no one at the door. After we entered the front door there were more steps you have to take to get to check-in. The one staff that was there and was not occupied with anyone didn't feel the urge to help us eventhough we were going back and forth to get our things and drag them up the stairs to the check-in desk. We arrived at 6am and had booked rooms for the night before so that we would not have to wait until 2pm to be able to go in to the room and shower after our long flight. First thing the check-in staff did after seeing our names was tell us off for not checking in the day before or informing them. I explained to them that we meant to do that, that it was intentional, as we needed to check in at 6am so we were happy to pay one whole night for a few hours. She still thought it was ok to tell us off like we had done something wrong, that they could still sell those rooms had we informed them we would not be using them the night before we landed. I mean, why is she having a problem with this??? We paid for those rooms and we can use them or not use them as we please!! We weren't trying to avoid paying for that night or anything. We were completely aware of what we were trying to do. And if she was trying to sell those rooms that we had paid for and get double the amount by sneaking in an early leaver or something... well then that's pure dodgy. The room itself was ok but not great. Bathroom is literally 2 by 2 metres, so it's a tight squeeze. Only bathroom amenity was the soap\/shampoo combo that is fixed on the wall. Shower cubicle could not keep the water in there so if you don't want to flood your room don't shower for too long. TV is about 12 inches max, might even be smaller. Pillow was was weird, was shaped kinda like a donut from the bottom up and was really uncomfortable. Also, you can get very well acquainted with the friendly neighbours here as I even heard the people next door doing it one night, quite loudly and clearly, just as I was getting to ready to go to bed. No internet available in the hotel, the only way is to use wi-fi and pick up T-Mobile's hotspot signals, which you can pay for, but it's very expensive. I do go to Berlin every year and will not be returning to Hardenberg again. Last year at Hotel California just down the road was much better, especially given that they were the same price. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2494,"mention":"donut","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Doughnut"],"startOffset":2489}]}