{"text":"Rough Start to an otherwise great Vacation My wife and I just got back from our week long honeymoon at the Melia. After reading a lot of reviews prior to our trip, I was a little concerned. However, I think people complain just for the sake of complaining. We got there at about noon on April 13th. We booked the Royal Service, which I will get into later. Upon arrival, we went to the private Royal Service check in to hear that our room was not ready yet. Not a big deal since it was noon and that is when check out is, so the maid service needs some time to clean the room. We were told to come back about 90 minutes later and our room was still not ready. We were told to enjoy the amenenties and come back in an hour. We were in our jeans and could not get to any other clothes in our luggage so it was very uncomfortable. An hour went by and I went back to check in, now the girl says come with me. You need to speak to the manager. Uh Oh, this can't be good and it wasn't. He told me that some of the online reservations got lost and they were booked for the night and had to send us to another resort about 15 minutes away. It was now 3:00 and we had to get back into a taxi and go to another resort and start the check in process again. We were not the only people that had this problem. So that is the bad.Now for the good. We woke up Saturday morning and checked out of the resort to return to the Melia. The hotel paid for our taxi rides and gave us our first night free. We checked into our Royal Service One Bedroom Master suite and it was beautiful. The Royal Service is the way to go and here is why. For one, there is a pool right outside of the Villas that is for Royal Service guests only. The private check in seems to go a little bit faster. There is a Restaurant also right outside of the Royal Service Villas. The only thing that was a little bit far away was the beach (8-10 minute walk) but there are golf carts driving around constantly to take you where ever you need to go. The food was ok, not great but it never is at an all inclusive resort . We ate the Gabi Lounge for most meals, which is the Royal Service restaurant. We did eat one night in the American Grill which was ok, but the service was a little slow. We also ate 2 meals at the Chinese restaurant which I liked.You need reservations for the a la carte restaurants, but with the Royal Service, it never seemed to be a problem. I called the day of and got reservations. I have read a few reviews that said the language barrier was very tough and the staff was not very friendly, I do not agree with this at all. Most of the staff did speak enough english to get what you need. And I thought that the staff was very friendly.Be careful if someone says did you get your welcoming package, this is usually someone trying to sell you a timeshare. I only had to ward them off twice. The one thing that I should mention is that if you want a little hut at the Royal Service pool, wake up very early and throw some towels on the chairs. We never had a problem getting lounge chairs, but the huts were tough to come by.Also, just to note, there isn't much of a night life. This wasn't a big deal for us because we throughly enjoyed laying around and relaxing and aren't much of the bar\/club type. But if that's what you're looking for then this isn't the place to go. There are several bars in the resort where you can hang out but they are still pretty low key and relaxed.All that being said, this was a very relaxing vacation for us. We enjoyed the pool and the close proximity of all other amenities to the Royal Service. ","annotations":[]}