{"text":"QT? NT... QT? No Thanks.I feel very churlish with my one dot, but I'm left with little alternative. To me, the best thing about QT was the ease at which I could book it online and the friendliness of the emails that I recieved before arrival.The problems started on arrival. The staff I found (with the exception of one) extremely stand-offish (moreso than your average NYer who invariably warms up after thick-skinned persistent efforts to engage in friendly banter!) and entirely unhelpful. The attitude started when I arrived early and they kept (to the second) to a 2pm check-in. Tick: unflexible. The lobby reminded me of your local YMCA complete with chlorine stench that permeated throughout the bottom floors of the hotel. The concept of a pool is great, the practicalities less so. Tick: stinky and remniscent of embarrassing days pulling at your flowery swimsuit in front of class mates aged 5.Also on the ground floor lobby, the check-in desk was more like a small newsagent kiosk (which it basically was): concept, you do everything yourself (buy magazines, water, remote control batteries (more of that in a minute) there). Requests to recommend\/book a restauraunt or indeed any other general asistance you may ask for were met with a look bordering on (in quick succession): shock, horror and resentment.The lift was an experience in itself. When the lift doors did open the dark corridor was bathed in a hazy red light, a sort of montage of such movie comforters as Psycho and Dressed to Kill (but set in a brothel). Scary stuff.The room was, I will say, great fun. Bunk beds! Freezing lower bed by window (issue with seals I think) and the top bed was like a night in the fiery pits of hell. It was so hot up there (she points fearfully) that the metal ladder getting up was scorching. Also, the remote didn't work (even after I went to the kiosk to collect batteries. Twice). Room service? What room service: you get a pile of take-out menus and order yourself. This means that you have a warm glow inside, safe in the knowledge that unchecked psychopaths from the local takeaway (or whereever) are traipsing about the corridors looking like extras in said Psycho or Dressed to Kill. So lock your doors. For drinks (including alcoholic): you head to your trusty kiosk and for a mere 10 dollars and a face that looks like a bulldog chewing a wasp, you get a tin of luke warm diet coke. I won't mention how much the fizz cost.  Finally, the in-room loo. Oh, the loo. And the shower. Our room had no separate loo: like a UK studio flat (except without the separate room for the loo). The actual loo is situated behind a wall to preserve the visual (but not audio) modesty. The shower is covered only by a curtain (not the area leading to it), so if you didn't live in a naked house and you are sharing with someone who does not regularly see you naked, you must dart (watching not to slip and crack head on the cute mosiac titles - what a way to go) furtively behind the shower curtain while your cohabitee is bashing the remote control on the table, ordering take out.Always one to accentuate the positive: it meant that we got the most of my favourite city and rarely spent more than 20 minutes a day there!Devasting review, but I hated the place. Cutie idea, but poorly executed. QT will remain just that for me... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2400,"mention":"diet coke","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Diet_Coke"],"startOffset":2391}]}