{"text":"So Sad We had to leave!!! First of all...anyone reading this and worrying about all the bad reviews, please please trust me...they are WRONG WRONG WRONG!!!... My Husband and I stayed at the Grand Oasis from May 7th to the 14th (which was not enought time!!)The monute we walked into the lobby there was a nice man bringing us a drink!.... We upgraded immediately while checking in just because we wanted to treat ourselves. The guy at the desk was more than pleased to help us, and it was only 50 bucks extra a night. If you have some extra money, spoil yourself, if you don't, trust me, you'll be fine in the room your at. Lets be honest here...how much time do you spend in your room? FOOD... NEVER ENDING ALL YOU CAN EAT ALL DAY! The Windows is different every night. We only went to the Japanese Resturaunt once which was very good, and Aqua once which was also good. Plus if you go to the resturaunts and you don't like your meal, Windows in open til 10!! Just go there and grab something.. GET THE MASSAGE ON THE BEACH!!! ($60 for 50 min) The Beach was beautiful and clean.. I'm sure you heard it is very hard to get an umbrella on the beach, but there are plenty of chairs and plenty of shade from the palm trees. BRING ENOUGH SUNTAN LOTION AND ALOE!!!! On the resort Sunscreen in $20!!! Snorkling is awesome...We used a local on the beach. We went with another couple we met at the Hotel. The local wanted to charge us $30 a peice and we talked him down to $15. The work staff is so kind and willing to do anything to make you happy! Treat them nice and don't be cheap, tip them a dollar here and a dollar there, these people work VERY VERY hard to keep you happy! And when you do give them a few bucks, they remember your face and go above and beyond for you! BRING OFF!!!!!!!! The pools are gorgeous and always clean.... Hard to get an unbrella chair unless your an early bird!!! We did an excursion outside of the resort!!! Just know that these are 6+ hour excursions with all the traveling to the place and back.  We are already planning our next trip back there. I can write on and on and on, but you'll see for yourself. If there is a problem with something when you are there, tell one of the workers, they will help you, don't wait to come home and cry the blues on Trip Advisor. Hopefully I'll get some pictures on here soon!!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":309,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":305}]}