{"text":"Location  We stayed in the Metropark for 3 nights out of five in HKG, where the first two were spent in L'Hotel just round the corner - I've posted a review for L'Hotel also, so the location comments are very similar, but to re-iterate....Basically, the hotel is in a good location. It's a few minutes walk from Tin Hau MTR where there is also a bus station and a stop for the trams which rumble along toward Wan Chai, Central etc. Taxis again are plentiful, and not that expensive (HK$40 - 50 into Central, LKF, Airport Express HK station) and again, there are numerous 7-11's, bakeries and small supermarkets which are handy for snacks and drinks.The hotel entrance itself is clean and impressive - at the entry level you are met by a bellboy who will load your bags and allow you to proceed up to the reception via the escalators. Checking in was quick and easy - we had requested an early check - in, and a non-smoking room on a high floor with a view if possible and were allocated a room on the 29th floor. It was on arriving at the room that it all started to come apart a little - we were allocated a room on a smoking floor which didn't smell pleasant, to say the least. The view was of an apartment block, but we could live with that!I called the front desk back immediately and asked that we be moved to a non-smoking room, but was told that there was no availability till the next day - not in a twin, a double or any other non-smoking room! The hotel didn't seem full, but on reading other reviews and the hotels website, only about a third of the hotel is designated non-smoking which seemed a strange ratio, so perhaps there were no more suitable rooms. So, we were stuck with either paying for the Metropark AND finding somewhere else to stay, or putting up with it for one night. We talked it over quickly and decided that we hadn't come to Hong Kong to stay in our hotel room, so we decided to lump it for one night as it was just a place to rest our heads, after all.As we had missed breakfast at L'Hotel (see other review!) we visited the hotel restaurant for the lunchtime buffet after the room disappointment and were impressed with the range and quality of the food. It was very reasonably priced and delicious, which cheered us up no end and set us up well for the day ahead.The following day, I called the reception to find out when we could move rooms. This seemed to pose a problem - again - but after a little further discussion, a room was found on a non-smoking floor for us (21st). This room was better in terms of not smelling of cigarettes, but seemed to accumulate a lot of condensation later on in the night with the result that the air - con had to be on a high setting to keep the room humidity at a comfortable level. On exploring the hotel a little more, there is a rooftop pool which looked fab and had a great view over the harbour and Victoria Park - it's a pity it wasn't really the weather for swimming outside as that would have been fun! There is also a business \/ TV lounge on the 29th floor with similar views to the rooftop pool. We didn't use the bar (Vic's) although they seem to have a quite busy 2 for 1 happy hour!Finally, the hotel is very clean, comfortable, has good facilities (web access, restaurants, gym, pool etc) and was reasonably priced with BA Holidays. However, if we were looking again, we probably wouldn't wholeheartedly recommend the Metropark as we found L'Hotel a better place. And if you're a non - smoker, be absolutely sure that you get a room on a non - smoking floor!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":417,"mention":"Chai","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Masala_chai"],"startOffset":413},{"endOffset":2885,"mention":"Victoria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Victoria_Bitter"],"startOffset":2877}]}