{"text":"Heaven or . . . . This is a saga of my stay in Singapore which began like a perfect stopover after a long journey back home after 5 weeks touring Turkey. I'd experienced every sort of accommodation  now Singapore was to be my 5 star experience.And it was, to start with. We arrived well before check in  they kindly gave us a beautiful room immediately. The reception is decked out in granite, the staff were polite, efficient  delivered us to our room in an orderly, friendly manner. We had a 3 day stay, breakfast was an extra charge but we took advantage of the Singapore Airlines stopover discounts  received 50% reduction on our charge for breakfast. The porters, concierge always greeted us as did the restaurant staff. There are about 6 lifts, its fully airconditioned, beautifully appointed with white towelling robes. The continental breakfast buffet was well worth it at S$15. We had a late check out  use of gym, pool  shower to freshen up before our late flight. Of all the hotels we had stayed at over our 5 weeks travelling - this was to be THE best. One unfortunate encounter left a sour taste  I hope it won't happen to anyone else. The bar has a happy hour which we also took advantage of  enjoyed a drink, noticing that the staff were a little pushy about removing unfinished drinks  eager to serve more. A little unsettling. Later that night, I sat outside the bar waiting for my husband (listening to the music)  a young bar female staff member rudely asked me leave the area, why? because I was not drinking. I reported this comment to the manager the next morning who apologised  said they were trainee staff  gave me a free drink voucher. However, the damage had been done. It had put a cloud over my stay. The moral here is 'stand your ground'  if a member of staff gives you a hard time ask for the manager immediately. I felt that this behaviour was unacceptable in any form. To his credit, the manager repeatedly asked if there was anything further he could do for us  was most embarrassed by what had transpired. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":809,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":804}]}