{"text":"great vacation We stayed on the caribe side for 8 days. We were 2 couples and have travelled for 4 years to different places and have always returned home happy, this year was no different!The hotel is big, and check in is slow... said many times and knew to expect it. There is a abundance of people offering to get you drinks during check in or whenever relaxing in the bars or lobby. they did not alter service based on tipping, but is appreciated.The men could wear shorts for supper at a la carte's but must be dress shorts. They CANNOT wear any kind of open shoe.... this is strictly upheld.We checked in at 10:30am, left our bags locked in the lobby and returned at 3 to get our key and acess to our room. since we had read reviews we knew that at 3 pm on our first day we went to the phones in the lobby once we had a room number and called 6313 and got a reservation for the first night... we had reservations every night at good times by calling 6313 at 9 pm each night (someitmes took 5 minutes to get thorugh) We enjoyed a la carte everynightWe did get our anti malaria pills and did get bit by mosquitoes .. i would recoomend using bug spray in the evening on your legs.There is a mall outside the resort, more expensive and no real dominican type gifts , if you want souvenirs go to the mall on the beach, it is to the right as soon as you leave our resort. we were on the 2nd floor in villa 31 and twice the drains downstairs backed up with a strong sewage smell.. i am glad we requested the 2nd floor.... no bugs either! People were there cleaning up as soon as it happened, but if you had shoes etc under the sink in the bathroom that is where the drain is.... your stuff could get ruined.Our room was overbooked the first ngiht and we had our keys cleared off and another couple were trying to get into our room while we were there... luckily i am paranoid and had the chain on the door.... they were shocked as us, and we had to go to the lobby(5 minutewalk) and get our keys fixed and expalin... no big deal though, things happen!the weather was ok, it rained very very hard 2 different days and flooding did occur, the next day it was as if it never rained!We put on our bathing suits one night and grabbed the umbrella from our closet and put our clothes in a bad and walked to the lobby and ahcnged in the bathroom in time for our dinner reservation! Many did this, it was no problem, can't control the weather.The environment of the lobby,grounds and bars was exceptional..... the details were what made this place the nicest we have been to, the incense in the avenue bar candle holders and the scented candles in every bathroom along with flowers make each trip to the bathroom in a different area of the resort interesting! very clean.Have a great trip, as you can tell things did happen that were slightly disruptive but that is life I was on vacation and did not let little things bother us. i would recommend this Hotel to anyone! ","annotations":[]}