{"text":"Fabulous Hotel! Loved every moment! What an amazing experience!! My husband and I stayed at the Kahala for a week for our anniversary and It was fabulous!! I loved every moment of our time there and I'm so sorry we had to leave. It's an easy trip from the airport and away from noisy, crowded Waikiki. I've stayed in many 5 star hotels and this is one of the best! The staff is incredible and you feel like you are family from the moment you arrive. This is a very romantic hotel so prepare to fall in love again! It sits right on the ocean with views from every restaurant. Speaking of food, start your day at Plumeria with Macadamia nut pancakes and coconut syrup!!! For a special dinner, book one of the cabanas - right on the sand and watch the sunset. We stayed in an ocean view room with a balcony. 180 degree view of the sea. We opened the window and let the breeze and sound of the ocean lull us to sleep! Even the rooms that faced the mountains or dolphin lagoon were beautiful. I had planned to do so many activities at the hotel but I found I couldn't move from my lounge chair. Plenty of beach and ocean space and again, great staff to attend to all of your needs. I can't say enough about the caring staff. I did manage to tear myself away from slothdom and swim with the dolphins which was incredible. It was expensive but so worth it!! I also think this hotel is great whether you are a couple or a family. I found the children to be well behaved and very engaged by all the wonderful activities the hotel plans for them. The room and hotel overall were beautiful and I'm really surprised by any negative reviews I have read. I was told by management that they are planning to upgrade all public spaces and rooms starting in September. This is one of the oldest hotels on the island with great history. If you want marble, crystal and columns, go to Las Vegas. If you want a gorgeous, natural, tropical island, 1st class experience then go to the Kahala where you are treated like royalty! The website is exact so see for yourself how beautiful it is. We already booked our room for next year!! Oh, they just opened the Fendi boutique in the hotel! Goody! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":647,"mention":"pancakes","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pancake"],"startOffset":639}]}