{"text":"Not a great resort I just returned from my honeymoon at the Natura Park and let me say unless someone paid for me to return I would not pay out of pocket to return.When we arrived there was no one there to recieve our baggage. There was 5 couples entering from our bus. Upon arrival the woman behind the counter held up little packages containing keys, locks, remotes, etc to the room. She then proceeded to tell us all what everything was, etc. When I got my turn at front desk and told them that my travel agent had booked this and that we were on our honeymoon, they said that they didnt know and that we would have to take what they gave us. They also advised us that we were booked with some group of people (who I did not know) when I again told them we were on our honeymoon, they again said they didnt know. They then told me that we were booked into a room with two double beds....yes two double beds, when I requested a different room, it was like i was asking for a shuttle to Mars. This one lady behind the counter did her utmost to get us a room with one bed. 3 hours after my arrival, i returned to front desk to speak with the nice lady and unfortunately I got the supervisor of front desk. She was rude, rude, rude. In the end she tossed the package with the keys, etc on the counter and told me to take the room and she would deal with me tomorrow. She told me it was still a room with two single beds and that we had no choice. (we did get a room with one bed) during this waiting time they told us to go get something to eat or do something while we were waiting yet no one told us where we could get these items. when we made our way to the restaurant, the service was just as exceptional as the staff that greeted us. Slow and not that great. Overall the food there is repeated. It was always the same except the main meat dish changed. Other than that it was always the same thing. During the course of our stay in the middle of the night we woke to hearing an animal of some sort in the curtains of our room. We called downstairs and requested them to send someone to remove it....15 minutes later still no one arrived. We then called front desk again where they assured us that some one was coming...10 minutes later I walked down to front desk and told them that there was a something or other stuck in my curtains, that I was sitting in the hall waiting out there for someone to come and remove. After that about 5 mins later they sent someone and he removed it...I realize it is a nature park but they need to keep on top of keeping the flying things out of the rooms. The service was very slow, and painful. It was nothing to wait 5 - 10 minutes for a drink. The service in the restaurant was not that great,unless you were the first person at the table it did not get redressed with cups, cutlery, etc. Many times I had to go in search of cutlery, cups, etc. Would I return to this resort.....only if someone paid for me. Overall I was not happy I was on my honeymoon and was treated very poorly. Our travel agent had prebooked us to ensure we received the extras, which we did not. One good thing about this resort is that you can walk for miles on the beach as it is the last resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1146,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1142},{"endOffset":1146,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1142}]}