{"text":"Glad I stayed here. I was quite apprehensive as I didn't see any reviews until after I had booked. Turned out to be a pleasant surprise though. I had a room on the 19th floor, a pretty good view. The room itself was modest, but quite preactical. A sizeable bedroom with a loungechair, a table and two chairs and also a desk, reasonably sized tv and chair. The kitchonette was small but totally functional. Toilet and shower were adequate although the vanity unit hung over the toilet seat a little and made it a little cramped to sit on comfortably.There was only one instance of both elevators not working, one morning there was only one in operation but it had been repaired when I returned later that day. I never had to wait more than a minute for an elevator except for that one time. The staff were very friendly and even though I am a fairly low maintenance guest the couple of requests I did have were met promptly and with enthusiasm. The hosekeeping was done daily.All in all it was a pretty much a perfect stay.If I had to put my dislikes in it would be these (and bear in mind these are so minor that they really don't come into it...I just will mention them for the sake of trying to be objective)1) Toilet too cramped.....sitting down for number 2's was awkward ( I am a big guy)2) Fridge was a little smelly inside (but hte smell didn't linger after you shut the door)3) Air conditioner was noisy (wouldn't expect it to disturb sleep though.....it actually drowns out the intermittant sounds of traffic and after a while sounds a bit like heavy rain) And here are some of the good things;1) Very ecenomical place to stay. Close to all of the local facilities and away from the full on bustle at Waikiki. There is an ABC store about 50 metres away for all of your groceries and a McDonalds over the road from that. 2) Rooms are very practical3) Staff were terrific.I would stay here again in a heartbeat. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1734,"mention":"ABC","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Ais_kacang"],"startOffset":1731}]}