{"text":"Very enjoyable stay I was staying in Florence for three nights in March 2007, and had a very pleasant stay here. This is a good quality modern 3* tourist hotel, that avoids the soulless nature of chain hotels. The biggest plus points would be:1) Location. It's between the main train station (10 minutes walk) and the Duomo (50 yards away) and it makes it easy to access all the major Florence sites by foot.2) Staff. The hotel is run by an Australian woman and her Italian husband (an architect who was in charge of the 2006 refurbishment) who are both very friendly and helpful (as are the rest of their staff). I was able to enjoy a very pleasant chat with the proprietor over a couple of glasses of good Italian red! For those (like me) whose Italian isn't what it could be, it is helpful to have English speaking hotel staff to give you advice.3) Room quality. The hotel was refurbished at the start of 2006, so you get modern fixtures and fittings (flat screen TV, good air-conditioning\/heating, good shower, comfortable bed etc). This is a chintz free zone(!). Of course if you like flowery bespreads or faux-antique style rooms then by all means stay somewhere else...Many other things also add-up to an enjoyable stay. Good buffet breakfast, free internet access in the lobby (and I believe the rooms, although I didn't have a laptop with me), rooms and corridors kept clean and tidy etc.To be clear, this is very definitely a tourist hotel, and isn't trying to be anything else. So don't come here on business expecting a restaurant \/ conference facilities \/ mini-bar etc. But if (like me) you just wanted somewhere to sleep and eat breakfast before a long day of sightseeing then I think you'd find it hard to beat in this price range.My (minor) quibbles would be:1) My room was near the stairwell, and it could be a little noisy when people were coming back late at night.2) The street entrance is not the most appealing (the hotel occupies the upper floors of a larger building, with the lobby on the 3rd floor)But that's being petty, and overall I was very pleased with this hotel and would recommend it to other travellers on a moderate budget. ","annotations":[]}