{"text":"We loved it We just spent a week at Seven Bridges (Nov 28 - Dec 4). We were in Room A, the smallest and least expensive room in the hotel. It is in the basement of the second canal house, and, at 110 E. per night (breakfast not included), is very economical by Amsterdam standards.We have been to Amsterdam 5 or 6 times and have stayed at a different hotel each time, All of them came well recommended on this website (each with a bad review or two amidst a ton of good reviews) and all have been nice -- imperfect in some way, but all very good in some way. Seven Bridges is one of the better places we have stayed, and we can recommend it without hesitation. If you want a traditional hotel room at a major inner city hotel with a fancy lobby, this is not the place for you. What Seven Bridges was for us was a quaint, local guesthouse, a very nicely appointed room in a very convenient and central location, very convenient to public transportation, yet on a relatively quiet street in a great neighborhood. It would have been nice to have a larger and more expensive room that was eligible for breakfast (particularly after reading the reviews of the breakfast) -- we would have gladly taken it had it been available -- but Room A was the only room available, and it was charming and perfectly acceptable, and made up for the lack of breakfast with a kitchenette. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was small but perfectly adequate, it was very clean and well appointed. The kitchenette had a fridge and a stove that came in very handy (we were able to eat a meal or two in, and reheat some great Indonesian food from Indrapura and Tempo Doloe, two excellent restaurants nearby). The pictures of Room A on the hotel's website are completely accurate.Apart from the room, the owners and the staff were helpful and courteous to a fault, and the only other room in the hotel which we were able to see (the owner showed it to us briefly on the morning we checked out) was much more substantial and charming as well. Perfect?? No, not perfect. Did we love it?? Yes. Is this a place we would consider returning to in the future? Yes, without a doubt. Our compliments to the owners for creating and maintaining such a wonderful B  B. ","annotations":[]}