{"text":"Definitely NOT a 4 star.... There are some positives about this hotel... The location is great (out of the way but well connected to the subway\/mass transit), the rooms are a good size, and the view is incredible. However, we experienced a number of problems which made the stay almost unsatisfactory.First of all, we came in and wanted to check out the refrigerator... but it wouldn't open for some reason. Then we noticed there was a cup missing and hair and a stain on the bed. We immediately called Guest Services and they advised they would send an engineer and house keeping up immediately to rectify the issues. We then went out of the room for a few hours to go explore. When we came back the bed was in exactly the same condition as we left it and the refrigerator still would not open. We called back down and they replied, Oh, house keeping said they already changed the sheets. This was, however, was a complete lie because we had moved pillows and the sheets around and they were untouched. After explaining this to the front desk manager she replied, Oh, OK. Do you still want the sheets made up then? Flabbergasted, I replied, Yes! That's why I called the first time 3 hours ago!! I also made sure to tell them to come after 6:30PM b\/c we were in a rush to get to a dinner reservation (it was 6:00PM when I called). Five minutes later, however, both housekeeping and engineering came up and I had to explain again to please come back at 6:30. Fortunately, this time when we returned from dinner, all problems were solved... or so we thought.The next morning when we took a shower, there were long and nasty hairs all in the tub and on the tile wall of the shower. We hadn't noticed it the day before because we hadn't used the shower. This clearly showed us that they either did not clean at all or did a totally unsatisfactory job of cleaning. Overall, it's a decent hotel - fortunately, we paid a lesser rate through Priceline. However, I'm a gold member and have come to expect a certain level of service which, had I paid full rate, I would be completely dissatisfied by this stay. Management was, in general, indifferent and lackadaisical Only stay here if you get the cheapest rate possible. . ","annotations":[]}