{"text":"Great Resort, Lousy Food! What a beautiful place! The staff was fantastic and the resort was in impecible shape! We read all the reviews before we left and we took all the advice that people had wrote about ie: take bug spray, etc. We didn't have any problems with bugs on the beach or at night. The rooms were very nice and the housekeeping staff was very prompt and courteous. However, during our second day, Montezuma swam across the gulf and landed at the resort. While we took extra caution to NOT drink tap water and only drink bottled water, Montezuma still found his way to the food and the buffett food was terrible and the selection was plain and not very assorted on each day. Fresh fruit was served with a cover and not protected from the local flies. I fell ill then my wife on the third day. After talking with at least 12 other couples, we learned that they had fallen ill as well and they had met even more couples that had attracted the gut wrenching sickness too. By the fifth night of our visit, we just wanted to go home. We couldn't pin point if it was something we ate or drank, but none-the-less, we all got it. The entertainment group was very pushy and didn't get the hint that we just wanted to be left alone while on the beach or at the pool. We just got up and relocated when they would show up. We weren't into the type of music that they played loudly every day. While most of the people at the resort seemed to be in their late 20's, 30's and 40's, the nerve wracking rap music and dance music was just very unwelcoming and would have suited a younger, single crowd rather than a romantic couples get-a-way. Other than the food and entertainment, the resort, the rooms, the staff, the bar staff, the pool and the beaches were very pleasent. Would I recommend this place to my friends? Probably not, due to the food and what the end result would be more visiting the bathrooms, rather enjoying the friendly people from around the world. Oh, one more thing. Guys....take a pants for the ala carte restaurants. Had it not been for the front desk clerk Julio Ceasar lending me a pair, I would have been regulated to the buffett for days! The ala carte restaurants were very average adn not really any different than what you would experience in your home town, and get there early. They don't have circulating air and it get's very stuffy and hot in there. Especially the Fondu restaurant. You'd think if they were going to give you an open fire to dip food into, they would at least have air conditioning and vents to pull the hot air out! When we arrived we were so looking forward to a beautiful vacation and it would have been had the food been better. We now have been home for 3 weeks and we are still experiencing stomach problems. This resort could easily be rated a 5 star place, but, as most of us know, we can be sitting in the most beautiful restaurants in the world, but if the food is bad, we won't be going back. The overall experience we had could have been a 5, but again, with the food and the sickness resulting from that, we rate this experience a 2. ","annotations":[]}