{"text":"My Favorite Hotel in the World I have been lucky enough to stay in some beautiful hotels around the world. But the Ritz Carlton Berlin is by far my favorite hotel I have ever stayed in. I often find excuses to schedule myself layovers in Berlin when I travel just so I can try to book a room. I always stay on the Executive level as I find this is well worth it. Their breakfasts are massive and luxurious with increadible selections of fruits, cheeses, meats, nuts, and pastry items. Fresh orange juice and grapefruit juice is there as well. During the day they can make small sandwiches and salads which are excellent. Between breakfast and lunch I usually save mone eating in the lounge. The rooms are really spectacular for both business and leisure. Each room is equipped with a large flat screen telvision as well as an all region DVD player, so I could watch DVDs I brought with me in my room. From a design point of view, a wood-floor entery way with substantial closets, armoirs, and minibar give way to a carpeted living area with great space lovely furnishings and one of the most comfortable beds in which I have ever slept. The large marble bathroom has the best rainfall shower as well as seperate tub (this is one of the few tubs I know is clean enough to take a bath in). The staff are always excellent, while valuing professionalism over overt warmth, they are friendly and get the job done. Concierges (particularly Cairina and Thorsten) are excellent.There were some disappointments on my last stay. First, the quality of the food from room service was hit or miss and I really preferrred the food from the executive lounge. Furthermore, I could not get internet access in rooms on one side of the hotel as the design of the building blocks the WiFi signal. I had to change rooms to deal with this problem. I was then awoken at 8 o'clock in the evening say they needed to do repair work on my room (what I don't know). However, I was upgraded to a grand suite which was spectacular and a half bottle of Moet and Chandon was waiting for me with a hand-written note from the concierge apologizing for all the problems and thanking me for my continued busienss. One other disappintment: I was scheduled to leave the hotel on the day that President Medvedev of Russia was scheduled to arrive at the hotel. Despite the fact that German Federal Police began to close various parts of Pottsdammer Platz from early in the morning, the hotel would not tell me what was going on as they did not want to give away the secret of their VIP guest. His security etc., shut down Pottsdammer Platz and the lobby of the hotel for roughly 45-75 minutes. As I attempted to leave i was stopped. I very nearly missed an imporant connection to Munich for a business meeting because of this. Traffic around the Square was paralyzed and only because my train was delayed 45 minutes at Hauptbahnhof did I make it in time. While the hotel did send a bellman in a hotel car with me to the station to try to ensure I made it (which I eventually did), I was disappointed that staff were so secretive. Had they simply sent a note to all guests that an event was taking place which could cause delays during certain periods I could have changed my plans and avoided such problems. I have come to expect more from this lovely property. While it is difficult to discuss value when you are paying 300-400 Euro a night, comapred to what other hotels charge in Europe I am always happy to pay the roughly 350 Euro it usually costs to get a club room. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":477,"mention":"pastry","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":471},{"endOffset":3526,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":3522}]}