{"text":"Some reviews make me very angry! I am currently looking where to go on my next holiday and am getting reviews on trip advisor on where to go when i thought id see what was writen about the Gran Bahia. Me and my boyfriend went to this hotel last february and some of the reviews that i have been reading have got me so annoyed that i had to comment on my holiday here - which was over a year ago!Firstly can i add that i am an ex air hostess and am used to travelling to the Maldives and simillar places and staying in the best resorts so i do have very high places to compare to. Dom rep was probably the best holiday i have ever been on, the resort is amazing, beautiful and very clean. Yes its big but you can walk from one side to the other in just under 10 minutes or there's a bus. Some people have complained at how big it is but surely before you book your holiday you can see that the resort is a large one by how many facilities it has!!! Its really not a probem unless you are very lazy!!!Another rude comment i have noticed is about the language barrier. yes funny enough there is going to be a language barrier, they speak Spanish, if your that bothered learn Spanish. Your going to their Country and complaining that they dont speak brilliant english. its disgusting. I spoke no Spanish but by the end of the holiday me and my boyfriend had learnt the basics by learning from them. Yes its a hotel, they should speak basic Engish - - -and they do!!! If you want somewhere where they speak fluent english stay in America!The food in the French restaurant was fantastic, and the other A la Carte ones were good too , the mexian was not great. The buffets were good too. The food is not the best i have ever had but to be honest it was very good and its an up and coming Country, the food is not going to be to everyones taste. If you want standard American food , stay in America. I found the selection of foods every night was great, we got to try lots of different Spanish and Caribbean food, and isnt that why you go to a foreign country? The first night we had a problem with our balcony door and with in 5 minutes we had 3 maintenance men and a manager to fix it and then a call to ask if everything is ok now and how the sevice was from the men. All in all i could not fault this resort. Everything was brilliant, and i think the bad reviews are them of peole who have clearly had a bad experience with their room or something and then they have had a negative attitude about everything on their holiday and quite frankly i dont know why these people go away, stay at home. ","annotations":[]}