{"text":"Hits and Misses Hits:BEAUTIFUL grounds, very cleangorgeous poolsimmaculate, large roomshousekeeping staff incredible, our room was cleaned 2-3 times a day and we got fresh beach and bath towels atleast twice a day, our maids even made us swans and baskets out of towels and fresh flowersJapanese restaurant is GREATplently of food and large variety on buffettPrincipe village is very cute, and has reasonably price stuffdrinks are goodwaiters and waitresses are very eager to serve and you are never waiting for a drink or for a dirty plate to be removedMisses:front desk is not helpful, upon arrival they didnt have our reservations and we still aren't sure if they was Pricelines mix up or the hotels but they did nothing to assure us that they were working things out, instead they let us wait for 2 hrs without knowing what was going on, and then when my husband complained for the 3rd time they let us go to the buffet and get drinksNO ENGLISH, even when they tried to speak english it was with such a heavy accent we could barely understand them, and it almost seemed if they were trying to make us feel stupidwe stayed for 6 days and could not get a reservation at the seafood restaurant and all the reservations we did get were for 7-730 which was way to early because all the bars close at 6 so really after 6pm there is not much to do. the entertainment was terrible.food was edible but by no means GOOD. nothing really had a great flavor, and they tell you that the buffet has seafood on wed and sat which is true but its basically just lobster tails done on the grill that tastes charred.this resort is huge and therefore very crowded. the pools were always pretty busy, and if you didnt get there before 10am it was hard to find even 2 chairs together, and we never found available ones under the shade umbrellas.the beach is pretty crowded also, and topless, the do not have a very large section roped off for swimming,the included water activites such as the kayaks and cattamarans require a $20 holding deposit if you want to use them. You get this money back, but we've stayed at an all inclusive resort that doesnt require that.this resort is gorgeous and well maintained. the food and drinks are plentiful. There are not alot of activites unless you want to pay additional money and the entertainment is not good. It is very crowded but still peacefull. After 6pm its like the whole resort shuts down but the main lobby. We have only stayed at one other all inclusive resort which was a Sandals and nothing could compare to that so maybe I am being too hard on Bahia Principe. ","annotations":[]}