{"text":"Book this hotel its fantastic! Just dont book through Alpharooms! My partner and I stayed at this hotel over my birthday and new year and I cannot recommend this hotel to you more.We arrived on my birthday, very tired after an early start on the Eurostar to find that, although we had paid for an upgrade to an Executive Room, we had been given a standard room. (The standard room however was beautifully decorated and not as small as we expected from what previous reviewers have written on this site.) After speaking to the Hotel's manager Francois, we discovered that Alpharooms, whom we had booked with, had taken payment from our credit card for an Executive Room but had only paid the hotel for their standard room. Francois and his staff were immediately apologetic, despite it not being their wrong doing. We called Alpharooms in order to rectify the situation but found them to be extremely rude and unhelpful. They refused to take any blame. They stated that we would have to stay in the standard room and when we returned to UK we would need to email their customer services department explaining our problem all over again and then they MIGHT or MIGHT NOT look into refunding us for the extra we had paid to upgrade. Of course we were not happy with this we had reserved the room 3 months prior ot travel. After being on the telephone to Alpharooms for over and hour, we still had not even been offered an apology. Francois suggested that we give up with Alpharooms leave it to him and his staff.We went up to our standard room and after our nap received a knock at the door with a member of staff bearing gifts of beautiful perfume and champagne. We were also informed that the hotel was fully booked for the first two nights of our stay but for the remaining duration of our stay we would be upgraded. True to their word on our second morning we were given keys to a beautiful suite on the top floor, with a Jacuzzi bath, rain shower, separate seating area and outside terrace area with views over Paris and of the Eiffel Tower (room 601). To top it all off we woke up the following morning to snow shower.I cannot fault this hotel. The location is perfect. Walking distance to Champs Elysees, Arc De Triomphe and Eiffel Tower and numerous metro stations. The decor is stunning, the breakfast plentiful and tasty with a good selection but what makes it stand out in my opinion from many other hotels that I have visited is the staff. Nothing was too much trouble, they were extremely attentive without being interfering. Thank you Francois and the staff at Hotel Keppler you made my birthday and our new year something to remember.We shall be returning but this time we will be booking directly with the hotel and avoiding Alpharooms at all costs, we advise that you do too! ","annotations":[]}