{"text":"Though beautiful, apathetic staff and lackluster service overun ambience My daughters and I stayed at Muse Hotel in NYC from October 10 to October 13, 2008. I booked our reservations online over the summer using Priceline.com; a fact which may be at the very core of the manner in which we were handled.  When we arrived, a young man at the front desk looked up our reservation and reviewed it then made mention that it was booked through Priceline at a rate of $327.00 per night. Perhaps this was his preamble to the less-than-primary service we should expect. He asked for a credit card to have on record for an incidental charges, an understandable request and I happily complied. He failed to mention that he would placing a $450.00 pre-authorization hold on the card. It was the bellman that advised me on the way to our room that there was only one bed in the room we were assigned. So, back down we went and the young man again pulled up the reservation and stated that this was the room I ordered from Priceline. Looking at my Priceline agreement, I realize that I may have allowed myself to be deceived that there would be no up-charge for two double-bed room rather than the king bedroom, but live and learn.The young man then offered to upgrade our room from a single king to a double-double for $49.95 per night extra. What choice did I have? So I agreed. The room was very nice but had an odor of pet dander. It was at this point that I found the brochure in the room announcing this Kimpton hotel as pet friendly. The odor must have been remnants of previous guests with pets and eventually subsided as the air conditioning ran. This lack of disclosure could have been catastrophic for a severe allergy sufferer who unsuspectingly walks into a room that has housed animals. On October 12, I reviewed my bank account charges and was flabbergasted to find a $450.00 charge on my account from Muse Hotel. I asked a young lady at the front desk and was rather snobbishly informed that a security deposit of $150.00 per day was placed on a pre-authorization hold to my credit card for any damages to the room. Damages? How could I not help but feel singled out at this point? Was that statement prompted because I have children? Perhaps it's a case of presumption that people who book using Priceline are more destructive by nature. She then explained in an unpleasant fashion that we have to make sure the card is good and not just any card. People can hand you anything and something more about an unwritten rule between the hotel and guests. I also advised her that if full disclosure had been made to me in the beginning, I would have authorized the charge however that the act of backdooring a charge is not only unprofessional, it is illegal. Her very dead pan reply was that it was standard procedure. It's been a few years since I've been out of the customer service game, but I do remember that cardinal rule and that is never state policy or procedure when it is time to consul a concerned customer. It displays lack of ownership and empathy.This lack of empathy was echoed by a brunette young lady at the desk upon check out. At 11:25 on October 13, I was informed by the airlnes that our afternoon flight was cancelled and I asked this young lady if we could please have a late check out so that I could have a safe place for my children to stay while I made other flight arrangements. She looked up our flight online as if to verify if my claim of the cancellation was true then advised no, it would not be possible to check out late but we could stay in the lobby if we needed to while I made my new flight arrangements. And we did just that. In fact, we were in the lobby until 1:20 watching party after party check out well after the 12:00 time. Wow. What a slap in the face. Try explaining that to your kids in a manner that doesn't make them feel terrible. They did feel terrible though and so do I.In reflection, I still ponder what was the true catalyst of what I feel was mistreatment by your front desk staff to my family.All of this was mailed to the Chief Operating Officer of Kimpton, the Muse's parent company for a chance to at least acknowlege our feelings. After 8 weeks of no reply, I feel enough time has passed to share our story so you hopefully won't leave with the same bad taste. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2775,"mention":"pan","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pan-bagnat"],"startOffset":2772},{"endOffset":2775,"mention":"pan","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pan-bagnat"],"startOffset":2772}]}