{"text":"Great Honeymoon Experience My wife and I stayed at the Intercontinental for our honeymoon. We were there for 4 nights. Upon arrival we were greeted by some very friendly doormen who helped us with our bags and also immediately fixed a mixup with our parking. The valet service costs more than just parking your car yourself, so I wanted them to bring back my car so I could park it myself in the parking lot across the street. They were very understanding and quick about it. When we checked in, I asked what type of room we had since we booked it through priceline and they didn't give us any room information. They informed me that we were in a city-view room and that it could be upgraded for an additional cost. I told the lady at the counter it was our honeymoon and they upgraded us to an ocean view room at no additional cost. The woman at the front desk also informed us that the power was out and some things were running on generator power but that didn't include lights and AC in the rooms. During this time, the elevators were working intermittently which was a bit annoying. Luckily the power was back on in about an hour.The staff at the hotel was very responsive and very friendly. If there was anything we needed, they either had it or found a way to get it. At one point the memory card in my wife's digital camera broke and got stuck in the camera. We called the desk and asked if they had tweezers or something we could use to remove the damaged card. Within minutes, they sent an engineer to our room with a pair of pliers and he carefully removed the card without damaging the camera.The room we had wasn't very big and the bathroom was very small. Nothing very fancy about it. But the view of the ocean outside our little balcony was fantastic. At times we just left the sliding doors open so we could listen to the ocean. We also had a pretty good view of the pool area which is very nice. We spent quite a bit of time in the pool and at the wet bar. We met another couple our age from Philadelphia and actually went out to dinner with them that night at a place recommended to us by one of the doormen.The bartenders at the hotel were great. The bartender we had at the pool was very friendly. She was happy to take our picture and her service was stellar. The bartender at the bar in the lobby was very nice as well.The hotel had a good security staff as well. They stressed the importance of only letting hotel guests onto the premises which made me feel better about my things not being stolen. When I told one of the security staff that no one had checked to see if I was a guest the day before, he said that it was unacceptable and he would correct the problem.This was our first trip to Puerto Rico and it was very memorable. Our honeymoon was everything we hoped it would be. I will definitely stay at the Intercontinental if\/when I return to Puerto Rico. ","annotations":[]}