{"text":"Not very good. This hotel is terrible. You are better off in a hostel. It has no right to advertise as 4 or 5 star hotel. We booked almost seven months in advance and they were offering a long-stay discount at that time that gave you a 15% discount, which we secured. We just got a standard type room and our rate was about $150USD with the discount. When we checked in we were given an absolutely terrible tiny room with two twin beds, even though I requested a king. We called and asked to be moved to a room with one bed and were told we would have to wait until the next day to move. The hotel advertises that it has air conditioning in all rooms. It has a knob on the wall that looks like a thermostat control, but believe me, it doesn't work. The only way to get any air in is to open the windows or balcony. The hotel is in a very busy area and there is non-stop noise. We were literally directly above a cafe and it was ridiculously noisy. The first night we pulled the beds together away from the one wall and the paint was completely peeling off the walls and all over the floor. The bathroom was dirty looking and the room smelled bad. It was awful, but we hoped for a better new room the next day. When we went down the next day to get a new room we asked if they had anything nicer and quieter. The front desk was very helpful in showing us several different rooms. We were offered a cathedral view room for 290Euros! We looked at it and it smelled bad and was absolutely not worth it. There are much nicer hotels to be had in Barcelona for this amount. So they showed us another room that was also smallish and dirty but at least had one bed. The gentleman that showed it to us assured us it was on a quiet street that was actually closed to traffic and could only be used by the hotel behind us, which was a lie. We were told we could have the room if we hurried and moved. So we took the new room which was a slight improvement. This room also had NO air conditioing or fan to speak of. We had to keep all the winodws and the balcony door open all the time to even be able to breathe- I am not talking about keeping the room cool, I am just talking about getting enough air in that you don't roast, and this was in November! It is so loud outside 24 hours a day there is no way you can sleep. Non-stop motorcycles, scooters, shouting, banging, breaking bottles, construction, emptying of trash cans, screaming people. Even if it was quieter, there is no way you can sleep on the miserable uncomfortable beds. The bed clothes are awful and uncomfortable and it is impossible to get additional pillows. Housekeeping is almost nonexistent. They remake your bed, and that's about it. They do not replace tolietries or do much else. I understand that this is European hotel, but it is certainly not a 4-star hotel as they claim. For the price you can find a much better place in Barcelona with much better service. Most of the time if you had a request or a question you were treated with restrained disdain. When we checked out and asked for the doorman to get us a taxi he said he would call one. It was obvious he knew the driver and they were talking and lauging as they helped us get our stuff in the car. They were obviously saying things about us, but our Spanish is not great. The taxi driver then made about 3 different turn arounds on the highway, each time purposely missing the airport exits. Our cab ride ended up being more than twice as expensive as the ride from the airport to the hotel 6 days earlier! This is just one example of several of the seedy type incidents we experienced at the hotel. The location is great and Barcelona is an amazing city, so you don't want to spend much time in your room anyway, but it would have been nice to at least have a comfortable place to go back to sleep in at night. Part of our problem came from getting a cheaper rate I am sure, so they wanted to stick us with a subpar room- but they also showed us the 290 Euro room, and that was definitely not worth it at all either. I would not reccomend this hotel to anyone. ","annotations":[]}