{"text":"Don't believe all the negative reviews..... Honestly, Im not sure what standard some of these people live on or expect.. but you really can't believe all the negative reviews you read. Prior to going on our trip, we read these reviews, after we had booked our trip and got alittle skeptical thinking Uh oh, did we make the wrong choice in resort?We checked into Gran Melia on 6\/13. We called in advance for an early checkin, as we arrived at the hotel by 12pm. The front desk 'said' they knew nothing of this, when we personally spoke to someone 3 days before. So as you can imagine, we thought, oh no, here we go. They said if we waited till 3pm, we could change and they would hold our bags, and B-12 would eventually be our room. If we wanted a room immediately, B-7 was open but it was on the furthest part of the resort. Then they offered for an additional $75 a night, we could be upgraded to Royal Service, and in room 2013, which was directly next to the pool (the private royal service pool). This also included butler service, Pillow menu per evening (which I will say was really nothing different than the pillows we already had), free continental breakfast (which is a HUGE plus since its $15 per person per day), complimentary happy hour every evening from 6-9pm (which is huge when drinks cost $10), private access to the royal service pool and many other things....We took it and can honestly say, it made a world of a difference in our stay.The rooms were great. COMFY bed, couch, nice sized bathroom, flat screen TV's, marble floors, outside area.. Our rooms were cleaned every day by the time we came back in (around 4pm) - except one day where we called and they were there in 5 minutes. One thing, our bathroom smelt like Mildew here and there when we went in, but it wasnt that big of a deal. Overall the room was extremely clean. On our first night, we even got a complimentary bottle of champagne which we thought was awesome. Private pool made a huge difference since the mail pool was crawling with loud kids all day long. RENT A CAR ( a jeep if you can). If you just want to go and lay at the pool all day, then dont bother but if you want to get out and do whatever you want... We drove around the island, went to different private beaches, ate at the roadside shacks, spent time in Old San Juan, hiked the rain forest.. It is SO worth it to get out and do your own thing and not be dependant on cabs, and shuttle buses. Definiately made our stay 75% better. The resort is sort of located in the middle of nowhere.. and you can't walk to surrounding areas.. so it makes a big deal.There is no beach, you are right... not a huge deal to me, because I read that in the reviews before going.. Im a pool girl anyways. We found a small beach that you could defintely go in the water if you wanted, down the road from the resort so it wasnt a big deal.. but if you are a beach person, red flag for you.Food was good yes, but overpriced.. but what resort isnt? When they know that most people come, dont have a car to get out and do what they want, why wouldnt they charge up the food\/drinks? Thats just common sense, and no reason to down the hotel about... its no different if you want to a resort in Puerto Rico, Jamaica or Mexico. But was it overpriced? Yes it was. What can you do.Butler service and staff were never once a problem to us. They were attentive, called us to check in on us, there were golf carts riding all the time back and forth to take you from your room to the main house (the walk could be long to some)... no negative things to say about the staff. Very accomodating.Overall, would I go back to the Gran Melia if the opportunity arose? Of course, or Id stay at another one of their resorts around the world. Overall, beside the few negative things that I mentioned, everything was awesome during our stay and I will highly recommend the resort to others. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1501,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1497}]}