{"text":"Great Vacation My girlfriend and I stayed at Excellence from Nov 30th till Dec 6th. We are 25 years old. We took an 8 am flight and landed early from NJ. We got our bags and cleared customs very quickly. We got in a bus with about 12 other people headed to various resorts. A bus ride that would normally take 1 hour took us 1 hour 45 minutes due to traffic and the fact that our bus got a flat tire. The bus driver had to pull over on the side of the road and change the tire while we were all in the bus. It was some experience. When we arrived at Excellence around 3pm we were welcomed with a glass of champagne and a cold towel. Check in was very quick. We stayed in building 10. Our room was very nice- king size bed and a large jacuzzi, fully stocked mini bar. Turn on channel 21 for a treat. It is a 24 hour free porn channel. The hotel lobby is very nice with all sorts of animals- turtles, parrots, flamingos. There are 2 pools. 1 huge pool that winds through the resort with a pool bar and a separate cascade waterfall pool. The cascade pool was kind of boring as there were not a lot of people there. The main pool was very nice. Get there early to reserve a good seat. The beach was beautiful with plenty of chairs and shade. Only disappointing thing was that the water was to rough all week to allow for any water activities. The entertainment staff was awesome. Mariel, Ines, Rey, Andres, and especially Anny- Mrs. Mamma Juamama (some kind of punta cana rum drink) They were all so friendly and always wanted you to play games. They were so much fun. There were a bunch of activities to do during the day pool volleyball, horseback riding, different pool games. The restaurants were all very good. Our favorite was Chez Isbella the French restaurant but they were all good. The only restaurant we didnt try was the lobster house. The shows at night were very good. We really liked the magic show, circus show, and MIchael Jackson show. We didnt really care for the International Show or Dominican Show.The resort has a small casino which is hit or miss depending on what time you go. The resort lost power twice during our stay so that was a minor inconvience.The night club is fun and the entertainment staff gets everybody up and dancing.Overall it was a great vacation and a great resort. We recommend this place. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2188,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":2184}]}