{"text":"An okay place... I just came back from a six day stay in a studio with my husband, sister, 4 yr old daughter and 20 month old son. Yes, a lot of people but it worked fine. After reading a lot of these reviews I felt I knew what to expect and that's what it was. The decor is from the 70\/80s but regardless the room and hotel were clean. The sheets had an emblem of the hotel with the year 1975√à√\u2020\u2022?think that was the last time they ever made any changes.The point of this trip was simply to visit Puerto Rico for leisure and tourist attractions. That's what this hotel was perfect for. We woke up every day, got ready and went out. This hotel met that need. There were the occasional rain showers that forced us to stay a couple of hours and it was okay.We rented a car and that's something I would recommend. We never ate at the hotel restaurant based on the recommendations on this website. We did buy groceries on our first day and had breakfast in the room every day. I even cooked dinner two days and had everything I needed there in the small kitchen. If you are planning on using a computer while there, I would recommend you take your own if possible. Every time I went to the √à√\u2020\u2022√ä?√áusiness center√à√\u2020\u2022? there were teenagers on all six computers using MySpace. They aren't supposed to be on there (a sign reads √à√\u2020\u2022√ä?√≤o minors!√à√\u2020\u2022? but you can't get them off. While I was there a lady asked a 10-12 year old boy if she could use the computer. The boy left and returned with his mother who almost got into a catfight with the lady over this. Management came and took care of it. Regardless, the wait and the fact that no one monitored this (until after the scandal) was ridiculous.Finally, the only thing that was odd to us was that ever time you needed anything (towels, clean sheets, toilet paper, etc.) you had to go to the basement to get these items. They didn't bring anything to you. Did I mention that you are charged $5 a day for these items? That is what I did mind, but simply thought oh well. Other people on this website seem to have minded the fact that they needed a code to get to the beach but I felt secure because of that. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me. ","annotations":[]}