{"text":"Unsure We just back from spending a week at this resort. First I want to say the Beach, pool and sun were fantastic. We went to get some sun and that we did.Our trip started out bad. On our way to the hotel while on the transfer bus we were rear ended by a dump truck. No one was real concerned that every one took a big jolt when this happened. This included our Apple Rep Julie who said there wasn't anything she could do. She was very rude and wouldn't help us with anything. We had a hard time finding her there when we needed to find something out. When we went to check in the first off the bus we asked for an upgrade since we were celebrating our honeymoon. They said they would check come back in 45min we did they said sure come back in 45 min we did and found out our room upgrade to Bravaro only included our room no food or drinks would be included. We would have to walk back over to use the facilities. We ended up staying with our orignal room wich had 2 double beds (so they called them)what a way to spend a honeymoon. Then we had to wait for that room and when we finally got there it had no towels in room. It took them 5 hours to get us towels. We wasted our whole afternoon with the rude front desk. If they would have just informed us at the beginning we would not have wasted our time. The front desk thru our keys at us we asked for the manager and she totally ignored us. We never did get our pool towel cards.We tried to get meal reservation right when we got there and everything was booked till the end of our stay. We didn't have much choice of restaurants so we took what we could get. After every sit down meal we went to the buffet since it wasn't very good food. The buffets were ok but there was no variety. We have been to other all inclusives and had plenty of variety at their buffets. Lunch BBQ outside by the beach had rgeat food.The pool was nice but you had to get up very early in order to get a chair. If you wanted a hut you better sleep outside to get one. We never attempted to find a hut on the beach. There were plenty of chairs on the beach if you didn't mind the sun. If you wanted a drink at the pool get ready to walk. There was only 1 girls for the whole pool area. Need to go to the bathroom you had a very long walk. They needed a bar and bathroom on the far end of the pool. Pool area very quiet no music or excitement around. Bartenders were good. They tried to do the best to get you what you wanted. Wanted a bahama mama and they had no mixer to blend the drink. They are just better when they are blended. They had a shortage of glasses so it would be good to bring your own insulated BIG cup for drinksBe careful when you book excursions. We had the jet books booked at 9am and after we got there and waited they told us the boat was broke and we would have to reschedule. We later found out the boat wasn't broke down they just don't do 9am rentals. We ended up doing the parasail and they said we could get extra minutes 12 min instead of 10 well they only gave us 7 min. The sights were great to see way up high. They will tell you what you want to hear. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":325,"mention":"jolt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Jolt_Cola"],"startOffset":321}]}