{"text":"Excellent boutique hotel - 4 1\/2 stars We stayed here for three nights very recently after much research via TripAdvisor, Frommers and other guidebooks. On this particular trip, we were a family of 7, including three young children plus two senior citizens and we booked our rooms well in advance. We asked for, and received, two adjoining rooms on the relatively quiet third floor plus a third room for my parents. The interior of the rooms was spotless, with recently refurbished bathrooms, period furniture and artwork. Pillows were fairly soft and flat and beds were satisfactory by hotel standards. There was a very nice fitness room with a treadmill, a cross trainer, and a couple of other machines. This was very handy after eating so much good food.Location was excellent, just in front of the Luxembourg Gardens with staff providing good advice on nearby restaurants. On this note, it is worthwhile mentioning that hotel staff were fantastic - perhaps the best we have ever had after years of world travelling, from the unbelievably welcoming reception we received and the attendant bar staff who made lovely, albeit quite expensive drinks (12 euros for a cocktail). The best room by far was the sitting room which has a working wood fireplace, a chessboard, library and dimmed lights. The experience for our children was also excellent and we would highly rate this hotel for families based on our experiences. My parents, both 70 and quite discerning, were also very impressed with all aspects of the bar and front desk service.Our overall feeling of this hotel was that it was absolutely first rate, with one exception - the breakfast, which was included in the price of the stay.The breakfast was very skimpy by European standards and the poor server was run off her feet, operating alone and not afraid to tell anyone who asked! Bacon was advertised but not offered as they ran out and they actually also ran out of eggs on one of our mornings. This made an almost perfect stay slightly less than perfect. If you are looking for a beautiful four star boutique hotel with above average service, and wish to negotiate a reduced rate to get breakfast on Blvd St. Germain, then this is the hotel for you. 4 1\/2 stars, with only the breakfast taking away the 1\/2 star. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":625,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":621}]}