{"text":"5 star self-catering apartment Stayed for 5 nights. 5 star apartment with superb location and worth every cent we paid for.Apartment was very conveniently located. Bus-stop right across the street, metro (Pont Neuf) and train (St Michel) stations within 5 minutes' walk, and food and groceries within the vicinity. Notre Dame was a short walk away (not more than 10 minutes), and we walked to Orsay Museum and Louvre as we wanted to take in more scenery - metro and train were underground. We even walked to Eiffel on the first day of arrival! All we had to do was walked along the river. It was a long walk with an unexpected detour - the president was arriving at an institute nearby that day and roads were blocked - but was otherwise quite interesting for the scenery.Amenities and facilities in the apartment were of hotel standard. There was also a laundrette where guests could do their own washing at a cost - exchange cash for token at the front desk. There were three internet-ready computers at the lobby - free of charge.We arrived in Paris by high speed train and Initially wanted to take the underground to the apartment. But the bus seem a more logical option and it turned out to be so, since the bus-stop was right across the street (one-way street). The bus was easier to get on and off with luggage too. Buses in Paris had an announcement service for every stop so you'll know where you're getting to. The bus stops were also clearly marked on a route map at the bus stop for reference. We found the bus service so convenient that we regretted not using the buses to get around at times - we could have taken in the scenery while resting our tired legs. :o) We also changed our minds and took the bus instead of the train to the airport when departing Paris. We got off at the bus stop at Auber, turned round the corner and caught the Rossier bus to CDG (cheaper than Air France bus). It was easier to get on and off the buses with luggage as there were only one or two steps. The metro stations were not always fitted with escalators or lifts and would have been more tedious for us. The Rossier bus took about 40 minutes to get to the airport on a Sunday night.On the whole, we had a pleasant experience staying at the apartment. ","annotations":[]}