{"text":"It wasn't so bad I went to LTI for one week in mid-June with my wife and 15-year old daughter. We had gone to many 4-star hotels in the past, and this was our fourth time in Punta Cana. I have used reviews from this website to do research in the past, so I want to offer some information to prospective hotel guests. My family and I were very open-minded and tried to stay positive and ignore the small details that we did not find to our liking. Room: we stayed in building 5 with poolview. When we arrived, the air conditioning was not working and the balcony door was broken, so we went back to the reception and asked for a new room. We were promptly given the room next door, which was much better. We had been thinking of getting an oceanview room, but we didn't think it was worth it because we already spent so much time on the beach and the view of the pool and garden was very nice. The bathroom is small, making you feel claustrophobic when sitting on the toilet because the wall is inches from your face. The door to the bathroom, oddly enough, has a window, making it feel somewhat awkward even if you are sharing the hotel room with family. The air conditioning, though functioning in this room, leaked a bit in the bathroom. The room itself is livable, but the pillows are so lumpy, like a heap of socks rolled in a case, so bring your own. Beach: we have absolutely no complaints about the beach. It was spectacular! There was a bar nearby to hydrate you and plentiful palapas that offered a good amount of shade. The water was nice and warm, mostly clear, and the sand was fine and white. The weather was beautiful, so we spent most of the day on the beach. There is a small shopping area nearby where you can buy souvenirs. The beach is long enough to walk to your heart's content, but watch out for the annoying people selling time-shares. Pool: we didn't spend any time at the pool, but it was relatively big and had many chairs by it.  Food: we didn't go to any 脿 la carte restaurants and chose instead to go to the buffet restaurant. While the food got a bit same-ish after a few days, it was pretty good with something for everyone. Sometimes it was over or undercooked, and not all dishes looked appealing. We were lucky to not get sick, maybe because we avoided the salad bar. On out last night there was a Dominican holiday, and a big gala dinner was held outdoors by the pool area. It was very decorative and exciting, with a big cauldron-like pot bubbling over a fire to a roasted pig! There was some music accompanying, and the whole evening was full of entertainment. The food selection was excellent this time. Service: tipping is a tricky practice in hotels, and this was no exception. We left a dollar for the maid every day so that she would make our rooms nicely and we still had to remind the reception that we need 3 towels to be sent to the room and not 2. We occasionally tipped the waiters, but not many of them deserved it. We were treated reasonably well in the restaurants, but the lobby bar was a whole different story. There was only one bartender who would ignore you. Sometimes, though, you would just have to endure a line for drinks. Overall, most of the staff and fellow guests were friendly enough  *** Up until the end of our stay, we would have given the hotel 4 stars because it was a good value and had lovely beach. However, on Friday, large groups of Dominican families came to the resort. This influx of locals, we were told, was because of a Dominican holiday and they were given much cheaper rates than regular guests. Somewhere around 50-80 people came, and the resort turned into a madhouse. You couldn't get any peace and quiet. They choked off the service at bars and restaurants by overpowering other guests. They were unhygienic, with women and children ignoring the tongs at the buffet and taking food with their hands, licking their fingers blatantly. The children were throwing up, screaming, and running around unsupervised. We do take into consideration cultural differences, but this was something else! Luckily, we left soon after they came. Overall, we give the resort 3.5 stars, though it does have good potential to be 4. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2301,"mention":"salad","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Salad"],"startOffset":2296}]}