{"text":"Not a Great Choice My husband and I visited this hotel for our anniversary trip. We take a trip to the Caribbean every year and we chose the Dominican Republic. We were aware that we had to pay the $10.00 to get in the country; but we were not aware that in order to get good service you had to pull out a dollar. We paid a lot of money for this all inclusive resort and we had to upgrade to Royal Service and tip non stop to get decent service. The customer service is not the best; the Dominican people are not the friendliest. I understand that their Country is very poor, but they do have a job to do and that is to serve the guest at the resort. I believe in tipping, but usually after I receive good service. I must say the food was good, but the bartenders did not make good drinks at all. Every time you ask for a drink if they did not have a Spanish name for it they did not know what it was. I do not recommend this resort to anyone that does not speak Spanish fluently. It is a huge communication barrier and that interferes with your service. Please avoid the √à√\u2020\u2022√ä??elcome Package√à√\u2020\u2022?it is a time share\/ vacation package presentation. This was a major turn off, I am trying to enjoy my expensive vacation and you have people manipulating you to receive a package and waste at least 2 hours of your day. If you are not on the Royal Service side you have to wait for a train in the hot sun to come and get you to take you to the main building for the restaurants and entertainment.( Huge Problem) The pool closed at 7 pm; I have a sun allergy so I have to swim when the sun goes down. The people in this country are mostly hustlers and they use the communication barrier as a way to get over on you. The souvenirs are not a reasonable price (Do not go to Higuey they are the same price) and you will find most of the souvenir shops along the beach. I do not feel it was enough activities planned for the guest on the resort; it was rather bland and boring. The Beach is open to the locals that try to sell items and excursion; that was very annoying as well. If you are planning to visit this resort please have a lot of dollar bills or Pesos because your service depends on it. ","annotations":[]}