{"text":"Perfect Parisian Experience We just stayed at Hotel Relais Bosquet for a week ending on November 20, 2008. We had done extensive research about the hotel and were thrilled to find the positive comments we had read were justified. The staff at Relais Bosquet could not have been more accommodating and helpful with information, especially bus and metro directions and restaurant recommendations and reservations. Their genuineness and willingness to help made our stay so comfortable. Our room was on the top floor (#64) and the view out the window at night of the twinkling Eiffel Tower was magnificent. The electric blinds and quiet neighborhood made sleeping very conducive, which was quite helpful. We felt it was a bargain, especially for the size of the room and bathroom facilities, at 205E a night. The Rue Cler neighborhood in which Relais Bosquet is located was perfect. It is walkable to many places (stores, outdoor markets, bistros, boulangeries, patisseries) and also situated near 3 metro stops and 2 bus lines, all which helped us to see as much of Paris as we could in the most efficient manner. It is a perfect location to see the traditional tourist sights of Paris, while providing a quiet nieghborhood at the end of the day to return to and have a glass of wine while watching Parisians on their way home from work stopping at Rue Cler's many outdoor markets. The best part of the hotel's neighborhood is the abundance of truly excellent well-priced restaurants offering various styles of cuisine, from modern trendy French, Basque, traditional French, bistro food - all priced very competitively. It is our pleasure to highly recommend Hotel Relais Bosquet, its personnel (Christian, in particular), its location and its ambience to all age groups. (Even though there were no children at the hotel when we were there, it would be a perfect location to stay with children, as the surrounding Rue Cler market area and park near the Eiffel Tower would provide great areas for children to run and play.) ","annotations":[]}