{"text":"It's the little things that count at Evergreen Hotel Let me get some of the minor gripes first before pointing out the merits of this small budget hotel in the heart of Kowloon.1. Yes, the rooms are small and there is no other way of describing it.2. Yes, they only issue you one room key with a ring attached to the palm-size of an evergreen tree.3. Yes, the beds (and pillows) are hard and are not the most comfy to sleep in after a day of shopping and\/or sightseeing.4. Yes, the triple and quad (yes, they do have a couple of quad sharing units) rooms are on the 4th floor and the elevator reaches up only to the 3rd.Now, let's go to the small things that make Evergreen Hotel somewhat of a value for money in the midst of expensive accomodations in this city.1. Yes, they do offer free buffet breakfast. While not the most appetizing spread, it should fill you well enough to eat your lunch late.2. Yes, they do offer fast and free internet access. The internet station (with four computer terminals) on the 3rd floor is a real treat for those who want to check their emails and stuff. If you prefer to bring your own laptop, then each room has a LAN cable (inside the drawer of the small table) so you can surf in the comforts of your small unit.3. Yes, the rooms are small, but the toilet and bath surely compete in size - with a bathtub and strong shower to boot. The installed hair dryer, assorted complimentary toiletries and shower gel dispenser are amusing.4. Yes, the front desk personnel are courteous and always willing to help. And yes, they do speak English, however basic.5. Yes, the rooms are clean and tidied up everyday.And a big YES, of course, goes to the location which puts you in the middle of shopping on Nathan Road (just a kitty block away)  the Temple Street Night Market, plus loads of cheap dining options in just about every corner. Subway access to the Jordan station is likewise convenient.So, in summary, if you're on a budget, not picky and not 6 feet in height or taller (the beds are vertically-challenging for tall people), then the Evergreen Hotel is an option worth your stay. ","annotations":[]}