{"text":"Excellent all around...and I'm finicky! I stayed at this hotel twice in recent weeks. I live on the West Coast and needed a place to stop over and rest before getting on an international flight out of Miami. I am very selective about hotels, and was completely satisfied in every way. I'm very grateful to TripAdvisor for helping me find this hotel!PROS* Very near the airport* Shuttle runs frequently (and until midnight, without having to call) and promptly* Hotel is new and clean and well-maintained* I put a special request in my reservation...and the front desk staff actually noted it and assigned my room accordingly (surprisingly rare)* Very secure building at night -- key card needed to take elevator to guest room floors after hours* Free parking* Substantial breakfast (free)* Friendly front desk staff, housekeeping staff, and airport shuttle drivers -- I definitely got the sense they were glad I was there* Free internet access* Free fitness room* It's the little things...like the to go bags of breakfast food at the front desk; the newspaper being delivered to your door in a bag so you can take it with you without staining your hands or worse; the lounge area where breakfast is served is always available (and has free wifi) for you to work, socialize, etc.CONSWell, while I was at the hotel, I was formulating my TripAdvisor review in my mind. I was going to complain about the paper cups in the room. I mean, I usually stay in more upscale hotels and they always have glasses. But...i just saw a news expose at [--](entitled Dirty Hotel Secrets) about how those glasses are never adequately cleaned in between guests, even at the best hotels. So now I am grateful to The Hampton Inn for sticking with disposables glasses! Sorry, I know it's wasteful, but I'm exposed to enough germs and viruses when I travel, I certainly don't need bugs on my hotel room glasses!Keep in mind the rooms are simple. This is a Hampton Inn after all. SUMMARYI stayed at The Hampton Inn  Suites -- Miami -- Airport South -- Blue Lagoon to break up my long international flights. I was very pleased with the place. It is as good as the TripAdvisor reviews say. As a woman traveling alone, I was grateful for all of their security measures. Will definitely stay there again if I need to be in Miami for a night or two and want to stay near the airport. ","annotations":[]}