{"text":"The Garden Club is great Value The Padma is a huge secure resort right on the beach in Legian.My wife and I stayed for two weeks in a Garden Club Chalet which is a ground floor spacious room. The bed is huge, good size plasma tv with lots of stations and a lovely huge shower in the separate bathroom. The ground floor access is ideal for those with bad knees and the chalet we had was only a few steps away from the main dining location where a fabulous breakfast can be had and the pool. The Garden Club Lounge is the true winner with wonderful service and is a well appointed retreat with complimentary cool drinks from 10am and then lovely selection of cocktails and plentiful finger food from 5-7pm every day. The food and drinks flow and really you dont need to go out and eat dinner.The Padma has the biggest pool and is ideal for those wanting to swim laps. The resort is beautifully maintained and you could stay here and never venture out. The beach is across the road and although the wet season had started we did get to see several lovely sunsets. The resort has a number of great spots to view the stunning sunsets. Facilities that I didnt use but had a good look at were the well appointed gym and the two full scale tennis courts. My daily routine was an hours walk along the beach followed by a few laps swim. Then shower and change for a huge scrumptious breakfast. You can eat in the Bella Rosa where it is more personalised small buffet meal or the main cafe with an enormous array of hot and cold food for every palate, with selections to please those from asia or europe\/west were well catered for.I never tried the Resort Spa as I saw the prices were quite expensive compared to the area just outside the resort. I had a daily massage for an hour at RP50,000( less than AUD$7) plus gave a tip of RP20,000. The Balinese are wonderful people working extremely hard to give you a wonderful time. Just remember that when you start to bargain that the price is already low and that the vendor's livelihood is probably less than RP50,000 per day income. Be comfortable when you achieve a price that you both are Happy with.We have been to Bali before and on this trip stayed away from the more traditional sightseeing places. This time we explored Uluwatu Temple for a few hours, its about an hour away past Nusa Dua and is on spectacular cliffs. Then we went to Candidasa in east Bali. What a change of scenery and pace!!!This area is well worth a 2-3 day stay. Finally we travelled north to Lovina on the far north coast, travelling through the very centre of Bali. Stopped at Lake Bratan, fabulous locale before going to Git Git Falls, across the steep mist covered mountains to Singaraja then Lovina. Not many tourists here and as in Candidasa a glimpse of the old Bali. Both trips easily done in a day but really deserve much longer. We used the same driver, Tony and he was tremendous.We loved The Padma, it is a great resort with lovely well kept gardens, great service and in a quiter part of Kuta away from the discoes etc. So impressed that we have already made enquiries to come back for a 3 week stay next year. Cant wait!!!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":15,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":11},{"endOffset":505,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":501}]}