{"text":"De-Stress!!!! If you are looking to get away with your sweetheart ,from the hustle and bustle of the big city, this is the place to go! I went to the Hix Island House for the Christmas and New Year's Holiday with my boyfriend. We absolutley loved it! When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised with our room-lofts as they call them. The cement structure makes each room so neat and clean. And the outside shower is to die for! We expecially liked the homemade bread that was waiting for us in our room along with fresh fruit, juice,eggs, coffee and all the fixings. We were really excited with this feature as we both like to get up and have breakfast in our room before heading out for the day. Our loft was very private and we had a great view of the ocean in the far away horizon. We did not take advantage of the bug nets because there were no bugs at night- but it is there if you need it. I especially enjoyed the pool because it has such a natural flare about it. The pool is not huge but it was just the right size for the amount of guests that were staying there all week. There were no battles for chairs or getting up at 6am to put your towel on a reserved chair. The pool is the perfect place to cool off and read in a quiet setting. The Hix Island house is defintely not your typical all inclusive hotel. It is not a food-factory, or day camp! We actually loved trying out all the restaurants in the downtown area. We even decided to stay in one night because you have the luxury of having a full kitchen so you can cook dinner yourself. We Loved this idea as we dine out all the time living in the city. The grocery stores and convenience stores have tons of things to chose from. I was so relaxed when I left the Hix House! We are planning to go back next year!!!! ....We are still talking about the trip and how we miss hearing all the peepers at night! I highly recommend this hotel to couples or friends who want to get away for a low maitenence vacation! Ladies- leave your heals at home! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":546,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":540}]}