{"text":"Perfect vacation in Mexico City I just took my best friend and neighbor to Mexico City for her Big Birthday and it was our first visit. It is difficult to make a decision of where to stay when you have never been to a city such as this. I am so happy that I chose t he Emporio Reforma. The location was perfect.  The staff are all wonderful and very helpful. Our room was beautiful and very clean. The bedding was great so we slept so well.The restaurant was so convenient and the waiters were so sweet. When we came in tired from touring it was so nice to be able to go to the restaurant for a quick soup and a beer before a siesta. We always sat in a table overlooking Reforma street and it was always entertaining. All of their food was very good. And room service in the morning was quick and delicious. Sometimes it was hard to order and you never knew for sure what you were going to get for breakfast but that made it fun also. It's Mexico, enjoy everything and don't let little mistakes become a big deal!The drivers we hired though the hotel were really great. WE kept a driver with us always and never felt uncomfortable about our surroundings. They were also better for daily tours than in a van. We could stop when we wanted to and had more freedom.Do not stay downtown by the Zocalo. It is too crazy down there and you do not feel comfortable with that many people. Once you have seen the important sights in that are, which are a must, it is better to stay far away from that area. Traffic is awful downtown. But always be street smart where ever you are.There is an ATM and a bank a few feet from the entrance to the hotel so that was conveninent. And a little liquor store and farmacia out the back exit. It was convenient.Be sure to see the ballet at the Belles Artes. It is beautiful! Beautiful costumes and dance from all over Mexico.It really was a perfect trip, and we loved Mexico so much we are planning Cuernavaca for August.Thank you Emporio Reforma. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":605,"mention":"soup","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Soup"],"startOffset":601}]}