{"text":"Stay somewhere better I went to Natura Park for 5 days with one of my girlfriends. From the moment we stepped foot on the resort, we were unhappy with its older than expected appearance. It was one of the most affordable places to stay when we were researching vacations, however the pictures portrayed a much newer resort. Despite our initial dislike, we remained optimistic . . . until we got to our room. The room was hot because the air conditioning was not working properly. Despite the fact that we had turned it on, it took hours to become a little bit cooler. In addition, the room smelled of sour beer because the refrigerator was also not working properly. Some of the furniture in the room was falling apart, which further indicated the age of the resort. The bathroom door didn't offer much privacy. Thankfully, the water in the shower was actually hot and the pressure was good, which was just about the only thing that went right the day of our arrival. We called the front desk three times regarding the AC and the refrigerator. Despite being reassured that someone would fix it, no one ever showed up. Exasperated, we left for supper. The food was not very good either. Despite a vast array of food, much of the vegetables were not ripe (we ate green tomatoes for 5 days), the seafood was questionable and often smelled as though it were not fresh or fully cooked for that matter. The desserts, though very aesthetically pleasing, had no taste and were not worth eating for the most part. We tried switching to another resort, as I have stayed in the area once before and did not have such a horrible experience, but most places were unfortunately booked or way out of our price range. They did however switch us to a different room, whic proved to be slightly better than the first. Therefore we were left to brave the rest of the 5 days. The beach was okay . . . not very big and a moderate amount of seaweed. The alcohol selection was poor - all local beverages. The wine served at dinner was some of the worst I've tasted. And to add to all of this, the male help were often times inappropriate with my friend and I. I would NOT recommend this resort to anyone except perhaps for poor college kids on spring break who could not afford better.Please spend a little extra and stay at a nicer resort. This resort is way overrated for its price  amenities. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":566,"mention":"cooler","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cactus_Cooler"],"startOffset":560}]}