{"text":"Wonderful Hotel! My family of 4 (husband, myself, and two sons- ages 17 and 19) just returned from the Argonaut stay August 5-9th. Just a wonderful hotel!The location was excellent- and there was so much to do! We didn't get to a few things on our list during our brief stay. As many people stated before- the location was wonderful! Hotel room was indeed large enough for all of us- husband and two sons are all over 6' 3! The beds were so comfortable! Our room was on the street side- it was a bit noisy during the day- we tried to take a nap one afternoon and it was a bit loud with traffic- but we never had any trouble at night with the noise levels- even on Saturday night.Bell staff wonderful. Front desk fine. The concierge varied- the man was super opinionated and pretty much didn't like any of the dining options within walking distance. We did actually eat at two of the places he liked- but just out of dumb luck as we had already chosen to eat there. The lady was a bit overwhelmed it seemed, but she was friendly and she tried. Fortuanately- we had most of our activities planned out in advance.We toured Alcatraz- hint- find a park ranger and ask if they could take you around. My brave 17 year-old asked a park ranger if he could take us up in the lighthouse. Ranger didn't have the key- but he took us to some rooms not on the tour- then took us up on the ROOF! Wow! It was cool!We took the 2 hour motorized trolley tour around the city- 2 hours was plenty of time! Our guide was great- and we did learn a lot about the history of the area- prices of houses- behind the scenes stuff from movies filmed in SF.We also rented bikes from Blazing Saddles and biked across the Golden Gate bridge- which was great fun! Then we bike down into Salsolito (sp?) and ate lunch. Then we turned STUPID and decided to bike to Old Mill Park about 14 miles there and back, to see the Tallest Trees In the World That side trip was WORTHLESS! The trees weren't that great- and the maps and directions were TERRIBLE! Plus- we had to go through some terrible traffic areas- so it wasn't this lovely California country side that we thought it would be. We had to stop and get directions from people just to find our way! Then - after finally biking to the next town- Turberon? I think? -- we found out that the ferry only took 25 bikes each time. After waiting for 40 minutes- wouldn't you know that we were bikes 26-27-28-29- and NO GO on that ferry. So another 50 minutes later we finally get on a boat to get back to the wharf. It was VERY frustrating at the time- but we are laughing about the memories of it already! SO- the bike ride was fun- just don't go on the Old Mill Park side trip- that ate up our entire last day. Live and learn!Weather was great- but not real warm. We wore shorts\/jeans\/light jackets almost all the time. The temps at night really dropped FAST- as soon as the sun gets low in the horizon- so be prepared. Boat trips to Alcatraz and on the ferry are chilly!My two teenages really enjoyed the trip- they were suprised at all there was to see and do. ","annotations":[]}