{"text":"Large bathroom! I'm a solo, female Australian traveller, aged 51, who stayed at the Colour Hotel for two nights in early December. This hotel is very good value for money. It is centrally located right near the Hauptbahnhof (main train station) where there is a range of fairly cheap, but delicious, eating venues. A continental breakfast at the Colour Hotel will only set you back 5 euros extra per night (and it's well worth taking because there is plenty to eat in a modern, rather relaxing environment). A feature of my room on the blue level was the surprisingly large bathroom. The shower recess had a curtain rather than a screen so there was actually room to move about in the shower while washing my hair -- quite a luxury compared to most hotels I discovered in Europe and the UK. There was a long bench above the toilet and hand basin that allowed heaps of room for cosmetics etc; quite a change from having to put them on the floor in most other hotels. I even managed to dry some underwear in this bathroom overnight because they provided a little rack especially for doing such necessary chores.The bed linen was crisp and clean and the europillow was solid enough to get a good night's sleep on a mattress that was clean but not exactly the most comfortable bed in the world because it dipped slightly in the middle. Otherwise, I have no complaints. The room was quiet and I was undisturbed at any time while in it. The TV offers CNN and the BBC and even a bit of local flavour (try watching the New Zealand film 'Whale Rider' dubbed into German!).The staff, overall, were very helpful. They all speak English rather fluently (like most German people in Frankfurt). The woman serving breakfast advised me of the fabulous Sunday Christmas market and gave me explicit directions about getting there on the train. The young guy on the desk at night was particularly helpful because he helped me sort out the car hire problems I created for myself before leaving Australia. We had quite a long chat in English about the intricacies of getting around Frankfurt independently as a traveller with only a basic knowledge of the German language. Another bonus of the Colour Hotel: there is free, unlimited internet access in the foyer (where you can also smoke cigarettes if you want to, although the German parliament is about to pass anti-smoking legislation that might prohibit that in the future). Overall, I thought this hotel was a great little place to stay. You can love or hate the postmodernist (and, in my view, somewhat bland) decor. and take advantage of all the other positive aspects of the hotel. It is great value for money, especially if you're on a tight budget. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1646,"mention":"like","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Like_Cola"],"startOffset":1642}]}