{"text":"Loved It!! We stayed at the Punta Cana Princess hotel from March 8th-12th. When we left Chicago it was 20 degrees and we had winter coats on. When we got to the Dominican it was in the 80's the whole time. We had a great time there. Everything is so clean, and everyone is so friendly. Check-In was a breeze. Saloman helped us, and he was very nice. Most of the staff speaks English so we didn't have any problems. We stayed in building #4 and left the maid a few dollars everyday. We still got the turn-down service and we were not apart of the VIP package. We did request more towels one day, and they sent them up in no time. The beach and the ocean was beautiful. There are some little shops on the resort, but everything is way over priced. They also will not bargin. If you walk down the beach about 5 min, there is a little market that you can get things really cheap. Stick to your guns about how much you are willing to pay. They eventually will give in! A friend of mine got two necklaces and a braclet for $10, and the guy kept insisting $20. We got it for $10! We did swim with the dolphins at Manati Park for $75. It was fun, but not worth the money. They said we would be able to do it for 20min, I think we were in the pool less than 10. There is another place that you can do it, that is $95 and you can swim with them longer. I would have rather paid the extra money for the better one. We booked through VacationExpress.com and had the option of paying $15 per person for hotel\/airport transfers. That was worth it, you didn't have to worry about getting a taxi. This resort is also connected to two other princess resorts and you can take a tram to the other resorts and make reservations at their restaurants. We ate at the Brazillian and the Italian Restaurants which were very good. Get the chicken dish at the Italian. We heard the steak house was really good, but they are not open on the weekends. If you want to check it out, make reservations during the week. Wish we would have known that. The adult only resort was the way to go. No annoying screaming kids around. No splashing in the pool. A very relaxing and restful trip!! I would definitly book here again! ","annotations":[]}