{"text":"Dear me, what happened here?! I dislike giving bad reviews, especially to such a lovely hotel that has been providing me with memorable stays throughout the years. It certainly wasn't very memorable this time, I can guess that this has something to do with the management change, lack of staff and too-full occupancy. I arrived from Changi at 4pm and waited at the entrance for the bellboy to come and collect my 6 pieces of luggage. No one came. The kind cab driver had to run in and call someone out to collect the luggage. Check-in was with a sour Indonesian receptionist who kept insisting that I should join some Fairmont Club Privilage Program although I kindly said I did not want to. In the end, she decided that I should join and she filled the membership form on my behalf (shocked!). OK, I thought, I'm only here for 3 days, thank goodness.I was given a Deluxe room on the 13th floor facing the Raffles Hotel. The room was called Premier Room the last time I stayed there, so no complaints there. The room was clean and comfy until I decided to take a shower. The toilettries used to be the wonderful Amrita Spa range of products (now called Willow Spa), but this time, they somehow managed to change it into a not-so-pleasant range called Citron by Harris Mueller London which smelled something like dishwashing liquid! Thank goodness I found a Body Shop downstairs and managed to grab a couple of items before I showered. If that wasn't the end of it, the water from the shower flooded the bathroom and I almost slipped and fell when I stepped out of the shower stall. Terribly bad design and choice of floor marble there, quite alike to the Traders Hotel in KL. I called housekeeping to clean the flood up and they were very apologetic and promised to bring this matter up to management. There were a few other problems that night, mainly the air-conditioning not working properly, resulting to a hot and stuffy night (the technician came the next morning to repair it) and there was a rather irritating man downstairs whistling the whole day and night for cabs to pull into the hotel. Since I couldn't possibly get a new room or a new hotel around CDB as everything was fully booked, I managed to spend quite a number of quiet nights at the Long Bar opposite and the City Space upstairs. Breakfast was still as good and quiet and the hotel's location is still great. My verdict: This wouldn't be a bad hotel if they managed to clean the management up, take in more staff to cope with the high occupancy and try to maintain a bit of its Asian image instead of trying to push the hotel to achieve Fairmont London image. Too much change is still worse than no change. I might give this hotel another try if things improve, since I owe Raffles the Plaza most of my best stays in Singapore. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":631,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":627},{"endOffset":919,"mention":"Raffles Hotel","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Raffles_Hotel"],"startOffset":906}]}