{"text":"Good value, good access to town, clean hotel We booked our accommodation as we arrived in Hong Kong from London. We found this hotel on wotif.com and benefited from the great, last-minute rates of offer at the time. We were a family of five and booked two Jen rooms. While we did not get interconnecting rooms, the rooms were next to each other which was very helpful with kids. The rooms were very modern with great facilities, although on the slighly small side. The entire hotel had a very modern look and feel. Our deal included free wi-fi, free breakfast, free cocktails from 6-8pm each night, 100 HKD of drinks from the min-bar each day, and ~600 HKD (for two rooms) of non-alcoholic drink vouchers to use over the course of our stay in the Level 28 bar or at the ground floor cafe. Some reviews I have read comment that the hotel is isolated - I guess it depends on your perspective. True, it is in the far west of the city near Kennedy so you wouldn't walk to the main shops but you can catch the tram (2 HKD to anywhere) one street away, the hotel shuttle bus (every 30 mins during the week), or taxis (30 HKD to Central, 40 HKD up the hill to LKF). And others may appreciate that this is one of few areas still retaining many of the older and more traditional flavours of Hong Kong in terms of the surrounding buildings and the businesses.Something to note for hayfever sufferers like us: our noses got going when we slept on the feather pillows and doonas. Unfortunately the hotel did not have any other options when we asked so we put up in silence after that. The only negative thing I have to say about our experience was that the hotel staff did not manage our expectations well at the beginning, and we got a little hot and bothered as a result. I put it down to our own tiredness and some lost-in-translation misfortune. When we arrived in Hong Kong around 8am, we contacted the hotel from the airport to confirm they had rooms available. They said yes and that they were available for us to use right away. Getting off a 16 hour travel leg with tired kids, that was very appealing. On that basis, we chose Hotel Jen over a couple of other options. Unfortunately, after arriving around 10am, our rooms did not become available until 2.45pm. We spent that time flopped on the lounges in the foyer \/ cafe. My pragmatic side acknowledged that with checkout at 12noon and check-in officially at 2pm we should have not been surprised, despite being mislead at the beginning. We weren't the only group to experience this when we arrived, and we saw others in a similar situation as we were leaving. I put it down to relatively weak English language skills from the front desk. ","annotations":[]}