{"text":"Pros and Cons I stayed at the hotel close to a month ago and for the most part enjoyed it. I went alone, and as a single female, never for a moment felt unsafe-- which is really important to know. I thought that the ride from the airport to the hotel was very comfortable (offered water and pillows and an ipod and the scented face towels were great) but then those same considerations were not available on the ride back to the airport, even though you pay the same amount. The hotel grounds are lovely, the pool is excellent. But there is no beach! I read other posts and thought that maybe I could walk to a sandy beach, but it's not very safe. It's basically ocean with waves, stones, then a concrete wall. So if you are a huge lover of the beach experience, this is not the place for you. The hotel rooms are comfortable, particularly for the price. There aren't many channels on the television, but then you're supposed to enjoy the view right? The restaurant is overpriced and is adequate... it's in a lovely setting, but the food is just okay. There were items that were great, but for the most part I wasn't impressed (particularly with the price). The staff does seem to want to push you into joining the hotel activities. One activity I highly recommend, the snorkeling. It was fantastic! One activity I highly discourage, the trips into the choice of two villages. I went on the free trip to the oldest village in Bali and is the only one with double ikat weaving and it was 2 hours long and it was about an hour and a half too long! Also, the driver took me to a particular weaving shop and I felt pressured to buy from that particular shop. But I didn't after being told that one little scarf is $60 US. Also, the hotel doesn't mention it in the trip description, but you are expected to donate to the village before entering (not much, just a couple bucks). It's really a waste of time and I felt that I constantly had to turn down entreaties to buy items. Overall, I had a pleasant experience and would go back if the price was right. It's definitely not perfect, but then there can't be much complaining when you are in Bali! ","annotations":[]}