{"text":"Couldn't of ask for a better place!! We fell in love with this resort for many reasons. If you are traveling without children, DEFINETELY upgrade to the Ambar section for adults only, it is well worth it. We planned our trip away from U.S. spring break purposefully however, Canada's spring break was the week we were there so lots of kids. The resort is huge with several different sections for use by Ambar guests. Shuttles run about every 5 minutes that take you to the different sections, very convenient! The grounds and rooms are immaculately kept. Reservations are hard to come by for the restaurants but we felt the dinner buffet was better anyway. We are avid cruisers and the food does not meet cruising standard but there was a huge variety of food for all tastes. We read lots of reviews before we went and we were concerned about the food but had no problem at all finding things we all liked. The snack bar beach buffet on the Ambar side is much better than the other snack bars so locate it first. We found it on the last day!! The bartenders are very generous with the drinks and very friendly. I don't drink beer so I was a little concerned about finding something I would like but the variety is huge. They even have champagne at every bar we visited!! They will put as much or as little alcohol in mixed drinks as you want. We tipped a dollar each time we ordered a round and I think this helped. The last day we found the staff members that had been especially helpful and gave them each five bucks, they were thrilled. Topless women abound at the beach but not typically at the pool area. The beach is very nice, they clean it up every morning, even rake the seaweed. My advice is get up early and reserve a spot, my first morning I got to the beach at 8 am and alot of the prime spots were taken. The few complaints we did have included: no beach waiters so sit close to the bars if you are a drinker and, some communication difficulties with the staff ( but they would have to speak at least 6 languages fluently , we heard everything from French to German!) Overall a great vacation and would definetely recommend this resort- by the way we saw several other resorts on our shuttle to and from the airport and this was by far the prettiest one. LisaDallas, Texas ","annotations":[]}