{"text":"Fantastic stay!! We rated the best during our Mexico trip My husband and I stayed at the Habita for 3 nights and could find no faults in the hotel's location, facilities or service. First, the location: it's located in the posh Polanco area, just a block away from the Polanco subway station. For over-crowded, over-polluted Mexico City, this neighborhood is like an oasis calm in the middle of a huge bazaar. The streets around the hotel are perfectly safe with plenty of shopping and dining options. (We recommend nearby D.O. for a superb Spanish dinner)Facilities: We booked a deluxe corner room. The room itself was clean and well-equipped. My husband particularly liked the in-ceiling stereo system, while I was a fan of the huge shower that doubled up as a steam room. The hotel is wired with free wifi throughout (which we had to pay at the Puerto Vallarta Westin). Terry slippers and bathrobes were provided. The bed was super comfortable as was a wooden chair. Take note though that the decor is absolutely minimalist -- an aesthetic that pleases some but not all.We took a swim the first morning at around 730am. Thinking we would have to plunge into an outdoor pool where the water was cooled overnight, we were pleasantly surprised to find that the hotel heats the pool in the morning. Although the pool and the gym are small, that's well-justified given the number of rooms in the hotel. We hardly saw anyone else at the gym or pool. The sauna was ok. Not hot enough. One needs to call the reception ahead of time to heat it up.Service: Service was friendly and intimate. The receptionist, doorman, and concierge quickly recognized us. We were particularly impressed with the efficiency of the concierge. When we expressed an interest at 9pm for a private tour the next day, the concierge quickly had it arranged. Of course, it is a smaller boutique hotel, so the style of service is not the same as at ritz-carlton. For example, the concierge doubled-up as the bellboy to carry our luggage. We thought that was cool and more personal, but some may find it odd or awkwardOverall, we were extremely happy with our stay at the Habita and would definitely recommend to our friends ","annotations":[]}