{"text":"WHAT A BIG MISTAKE!!!!!! I just returned from my vacation from Punta Cana, Dominican Republic and stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Resorts. This resort actually has 5 different hotels. After much prodding by my travel agent I booked a trip for myself a family member and 2 friends to stay at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe hotel for 7 days ...WHAT A BIG MISTAKE. Upon arrival to the CARIBE, we found that the lobbies decor was a bit outdated and in need of an overhall. When checking in I had asked if I could get room upgrades (suggested by my travel agent) for my party and was flatly told NO! by the staff. I was a taken aback, not by the response, but how it was said and without any explanation. Without questioning or prodding I accepted my key and was taken to my room with whom I shared with my cousin. Upon enterning the room the first thing that hit me was the musty smell, but I was prepared and had incense to combat this. The next thing that I noticed was that the ceiling was caving in and that there was a leak coming from the same area where the air conditioning unit was located. I immediately called the front desk and told them about the problem and expressed to them that I wanted a room change. I was told to hold off and someone would come to see about the problem. I really did not want to stay in this particular room and requested to speak to a manager or someone in charge. I was then put on hold. When I finally spoke to the manager I told him of the problem and that I wanted a room change, I was told that the reason for the leak was due to the condensation in the room from the air conditioning unit not being turned on, and again was told that someone would be there to see about the problem but no mention of my room being changed. I didn't want to seem as if I was being un-cooperative so I agreed for someone to come and see about the problem. Upon further checking of the room I then discovered that there was a flood in the bathroom, I again called the front desk and expressed to them that because of the room conditions I definitely wanted a room change. Can you believe that they refused to change my room, and told me that a techinician would be there to fix the problem. At this point I was so frustrated not only because of not being accomodated as a guest of this hotelbut by their lack of co-operation. I felt that I should not have had to be incovenienced in this manner. What could I do? I was in a foreign country and couldn't afford to make any other arrangements. I decided to try to make the best of a bad situation and went to the bar because this definitely drove me to drink After about 2 hours I returned to my room to place a call to the states to speak to my travel agent, but prior to placing the call I checked to see if the bathroom flood issue had been taken care of. TO MY SUPRISE THE FLOOD WAS STILL THERE! To make a long story short and beleive me I could go on, my travel agent had to call the hotel and FINALLY, FINALLY I was able to get a room change ....TO ONE OF THE OTHER HOTELS! in the resort. My entire party was moved to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach and we got 2 clean rooms without any musty smells, leaks or floods. This hotel was like night and day from their affiliate hotel the CARIBE. The staff was very cordial and accomodating. I must say for these hotels to be all in the same resort, there is a big difference with customer service! I do understand that the staff works long hours and wear many hats, but I really don't feel I was asking for much. Please if you do book a hotel do not make it the CARIBE! ","annotations":[]}