{"text":"Decent hotel - beware of Metro We stayed in Husa Moncloa for 2 nights at the end on May. We picked the hotel as we didn't want to spend a fortune on a room but we wanted to be able to get right into the centre really quickly so it's location next to a Metro stop sounded ideal. We were pleased with the location - really easy to get from the airport to the hotel - line 8 on the Metro and then line 6 to the Metro stop by the hotel where it is literally a one minute walk to the hotel. The reception area is really small and the staff were not very friendly so we were a bit uncertain at first. However, you don't spend more than a few minutes there and the room size more than made up for it. We had requested a room at the top of the hotel (which we got) and the room was really big. Decent size double bed, double wardrobe, desk, sofa, table. Large bathroom with double sinks and bidet. You don't get any complimentary little bottles of shampoo\/conditioner (there is liquid soap but it is in a huge container attached to the wall). Fittings and furnishings were fine but a couple of things needed repairing (safe didn't work\/bidet tap was broken and the shower head was loose - nothing that ruined the stay but all things that just made the hotel seem like a basic 4 star hotel). Breakfast was included in our rate and was adequate - selection of cold meats, fruit, cereals. The staff at breakfast were friendlier than on reception. El Corte Ingles is right next to the hotel which is really handy if you want to grab a snack\/something to drink cheapily which we did on the first night but beware the fridges are all on automatic senses so you can't put anything in them. It is really easy to get right into the centre by getting the Metro but beware as we were only there from Friday afternoon to Sunday afternoon and we were subject to three pickpocketing attempts! My partner is really pale so stands out as being a tourist. We have been to lots of cities in the last few years and used public transport and have never been subject to crime. This seems to be a real problem. If you stay in the hotel then be careful when using the Metro to go into the centre: men - don't carry cash in your trouser or shirt pockets; women - make sure bags are across your bodies and that they are bags which can be zipped. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":145,"mention":"fortune","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fortune_cookie"],"startOffset":138}]}