{"text":"Wonderful, relaxing place to stay! My husband and I stayed for 4 nights, in the beginning of March (a few weeks ago). We had a wonderful time!I'll admit that after reading some reviews, I was really concerned about bugs, lizards, etc, but I was really comfortable there. We saw very few bugs, and only a few very tiny lizards. The lizards stayed over near the patio and the entryway, and never came near the bed or closet areas, so they really were not a problem.The Hix Island House is very clean and extremely peaceful. There are no TVs, clocks, radios or internet access within the rooms, which is exactly what we wanted!The staff was very friendly and helpful. The women who worked at the front desk were both great - they gave us directions, recommendations, and helped us by booking a trip to the bio bay.The landscaping around the hotel grounds is gorgeous. We were on the ground level and had flowering bushes surrounding our patio. The hotel is inland, so the view of the ocean was extremely limited, but we still thought we had beautiful scenery.Staying here was a fabulous experience! Sleeping in the fresh air, with the sounds of the birds and the wind, was great! We woke one morning to rain, and loved it - the sound and smell of the rain was a great way to wake up!I would suggest buying groceries and planning to eat in the room for several of your meals (there's a full kitchen). There is only one restaurant that is very nearby, but it was closed when we tried to go there (which was around 5:00 on a weeknight, so they must have irregular hours). The hotel is about a 10-minute drive from the nearest town, which isn't a bad drive but it did become a little tedious when we had to make the drive multiple times each day.One more suggestion is to try to arrive before 5:00 pm. We arrived after dark. We had been told that the office would be closed. As promised, there was an envelope waiting for us, with our name on it, with the key to the room and directions for getting from the office to the room (the office is in a separate building from the 3 buildings that house the rooms). Being completely unfamiliar with the area, we were a little confused by the directions. We did make it to our room (after starting out in the wrong direction, plus I was nervous, thinking I was going to run into a lizard as I was walking around the side of the building to our room), so the directions were correct, but it would have been easier to find our way during the day.I would definitely stay here again! ","annotations":[]}