{"text":"Not worth the price... First off let me give you the bottm line up front, not worth the 350 euros a night I was charged, for a room that was supposed to be 550 euros a night. Since I was one single person, they put me into a room the size of a closet. It had a single bed, with furnishings and decorations straight out of the 1970s, including the old fashioned radio controls attached to the bedstand that aren't attached to anything (for those who have travelled in europe you'll know what I mean). The room was microscopic! Only a shower, no bath. Wireless internet access is extremely expensive and problematic at best. Also, the place is out in the middle of nowhere, I had to walk 1.5 km to find an ATM. The restauraunts were impeccable, food delicious in every way, the wait and service staff professional and competent, room service excellent, common areas clean and neat if a little bit old fashioned and worn. I understand they had a facelift but am at a loss to where it was, the decor and furnishings were straight out of the 1970's, you would expect Steve McQueen to be sitting at the bar. The workout area and pool were very nice, both indoor and outdoor. Shuttle bus drivers were the best feature, they were knowledgable about Frankfurt and were professional and talkative, proud of their jobs and their town, ready to help with any advice about Frankfurt. The concierge is a bit stodgy and snooty, if you are not in a suit and tie, he doesn't want to talk to you. Also had no idea about questions asked about Frankfurt, like restauraunts, places to see, etc. In fact all of the desk staff treats someone dressed casually like they are third class citizens. Had a little issue with my credit card when checking out and thought the desk staff very arrogant and accusatory at that point, but since I got it taken care of (one phone call), no problem at my end, but the attitude given by the staff would make me think twice about staying there. In a nutshell, definately not worth the price. Stay at the Hilton, I have, it is worth every penny (cheaper and right in the middle of town) with a friendly and professional staff. ","annotations":[]}