{"text":"Don't stay here We booked a ''day room'' at Changi Village Hotel during flight lay-over.Explained in our initial booking that our flight got in at 0600hrs and we would be departing at 1700hrs later that day.However, when we arrived, tired and wanting a shower, we were told that we could not access our room until 0900hrs unless we paid another SGD56 (we had already paid over SGD110 for the day room anyway). We explained we were tired, wanted a shower and to sleep, but the receptionist told us we would have to sit in reception until 9am unless we paid the extra! So we had no choice....The 'Porter' who carried our bags to our room (despite our saying we could carry them ourselves) was so rude, sticking his palm in our faces for a tip!!!! No way after that - Changi Village Hotel add a massive service charge to your bill anyway, so definitely not tipping a rude porter as well.Finally in our room, which was basic, a couple of small towels, and no complimentary toiletries at all - beware of the bathroom if you would like privacy when using the toilet or having a bath\/shower. There is a window from the bedroom into the bathroom, with only an ill-fitting blind to pull down to hide your modesty............... very strange and off putting.After a shower, we just wanted to sleep ......... no chance, despite the Do Not Disturb notice on our door, you would have thought the hotel would have a system whereby anyone using a 'day room' would be given a quiet area - no chance. All day there was constant banging, talking, cleaners yakking to eachother in the corridor. To top it all, at 12noon, a cleaner banged on our door and let herself in to clean the room! we were in bed trying to sleep!What a joke.We would definitely NOT recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a rest after or between flights. The fact that the hotel offers 'day rooms' is misleading, as they certainly do not cater for weary travellers.Staff were rude and unhelpful.Overpriced.Rooms not worth the money.Only helpful thing was the free shuttle service the hotel operate shourly to and from Changi Airports Terminals 1 and 2 (but not the Budget Terminal - although there is a connection from T2) ","annotations":[]}