{"text":"AWESOME!!! We have just returned from a 2 week stay at the Dominicana hotel which we can only describe as perfect. The family room that we were allocated was huge and had a seperate bedroom with access through double doors. The room was cleaned every day and was spotless throughout. We were told that the mini bar would be topped up every other day but it was done each day. The air conditioning system was a life saver as the weather was extremely hot. Do not take any towels as the beach towels are included and the room towels are changed dailyThere was a fantastic selection of food in the main buffets, both at lunch and evening. The room for the evening buffet was very hot and would benefit from air conditioning but the food was excellent and child friendly!! The restaurants were excellent, particularly the gourmet restaurant which is a 4 course set meal and the oriental. The service was very friendly and efficient.The sea and beach are 'out of this world' and the views are simply stunning. The pool is very big and very clean. There was day time activities available including beach games, beach volleyball, water polo, dancing, bingo etc. The evening entertainment was good and included a disney show, various dancing and singing and was well attended. Very hot though!!! This hotel was faultless, although there was too much salt in the sea!!!!!!!!! The staff could not be more friendly or helpful and the environment and views were incredible. We shall return to this hotel when we visit the Dominican Republic again.The one negative aspect of the holiday was the check in at the airport on departure. It was faily chaotic and they attempted to charge us $15 for every kilogram we were overweight in luggage. After much negotiation, we didn't pay (we were a party of 11 and consideraly over!!) but be aware of your luggage weight when returning home. This was not made clear to us by Thomas Cook prior to the holiday and many people were not happy at such a chage being levied. The Thomas Cook flight was very average and the leg room was very poor compared to other long haul flights we have been on. No complimentary drinks either!! ","annotations":[]}