{"text":"Wonderful vacation My husband, myself and our two daughters aged 17 and 6 stayed at the Punta Cana Grand from March 3rd until March 10th. We had a wonderful vacation. This was our 2nd time in Punta Cana and you just cannot beat the beaches here. We were in Los Cabos last year and the beaches were hard to walk on and you could not swim for the powerful undertow. Punta Cana has powder sand and beautiful warm salt water. The resort was great, although I don't think it was a 5 star. 5 star to me, means perfection, and although I have no serious complaints to me it is a 4 plus. We stayed in building 3, facing the flamingo's and the bar. It was never overly loud, and when I suggested we move for my daughters sake, they said they liked falling asleep to the music. Their is a lot of Europeon people at this resort, a lot of different languages and a lot of different temperments. Just go with the flow and make your vacation what you want it to be. You must reserve your chairs early or you will not get any. A lot of people don't like it but it is just the way it is. I was down every morning at 7 to get chairs under a hut, so that we could have shade. I used the beach towels and also my bathing suit wraps so I could tell they were mine. There was some difference of opinions while we were their among other people who's chairs were who's. The pool area is quite active, always something going on. We didn't go the the lazy river pool or the adult pool, but others we talked to loved it. They have fun games and aerobics and the animators work so hard it is unbelievable. We ate at all of the restaurants, Beach Garden for dinner was our favourite. The beef tenderloin is fantastic. We enjoyed the Beach Garden for breakfast and lunch as well. We found Windows a little bit more chaotic. Service at Beach Garden was faster in our opinion. My 6 year old who is very picky never had a problem finding something to eat and thank goodness for watermelon juice because that's all she drank along with bottled water. Water pressure in our building was terrible. Not that is ruined our vacation, it just took a longer time to get all the soap off, the water wasn't hot, but you get used to it. All in all we had a great time, last time we stayed in Punta Cana it was at the Bavaro Princess, and this resort is much smaller. Please go and see the show's they are a lot of fun and the people work so hard in them. We thought the magic show on Friday night was amazing. The interactive show's are pretty funny although a couple of time's I wondered if I should have taken my 6 year old out, as the games between the adults were a little -- over the top, but in the end she just thought they were funny. Have a great vacation ","annotations":[]}