{"text":"Okay but not great We stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana at the end of November. This is a huge resort - bigger than I thought it would be, but it is beautiful. The rooms are nice, the pool is huge and the beach is beautiful. We upgraded to the Royal Golden package but I don't really think it was worth it. It was nice to be closer to the beach but our room faced the outside of the resort so it seemed a bit isolated. We were travelling with an 18 month old child which made the trip a bit more challenging at times. My main problem with this resort was the food and I'm not usually very picky. I always found something to eat but I found the buffets really tiring, it seemed like the same thing over and over - especially for lunch. Since we had the Royal Golden package we were entitled to 4 a la carte dinners, however we only got 2 and we had to fight for that. Since we were travelling with a child, we wanted early meal times. We got to the resort on Saturday afternoon and tried to arrange meals on Sunday morning. They told us there was nothing left, the only spots available were at 8:30pm (which doesn't work with a small child). My husband complained to our tour operater - Air Transat but they didn't do anything and they didn't seem to care. The next morning he complained to the hotel again and we got 2 a la cartes for 6:30. We met people who booked the same day and they had no issues, they got early bookings! We also met people who were not Golden club who had 5 a la cartes. When we went for our a la cartes the restaurants were not full at all - weird. Anyway it was disappointing to have to fight for something we were entitled to.They people who worked at the resort were very friendly for the most part and very good with my son. There was definitely a language barrier though. Our toilet backed up 3 times and we had problems trying to get someone to deal with it.Overall a nice resort but I don't think it is worthy of a 5 star rating. We wouldn't go back. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1909,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1905}]}