{"text":"The Oberoi is WONDERFUL! My wife and i stayed here for the first few nights of our honeymoon... It's a beautiful place on a lovely strip of Seminyak beach and the service was simply outstanding. I can't praise it highly enough.We had the journey from hell to get there and our baggage was still in Amsterdam (thanks KLM\/Air France...!). The hotel was simply amazing at helping us to ensure that our baggage eventually arrived. Once we explained the issue they simply took complete competent control: they made frequent calls to the Garuda baggage office, quickly tracking our bag down, they took photocopies of our documents and sent someone from the Hotel to pick our bags up from Bali airport... within hours of talking to front desk our bags were waiting for us in our room. A lovely surprise when you get back from the beach with the prospect pf no clean clothes to change into... They were incredibly professional and really went the extra mile to help out.The hotel grounds and buildings are beautiful and has a slightly old school feel - very classy and refined without being stuffy. There are some very interesting architectural features in the pool and dining areas and it does feel like it could be a mini ancient temple area that you've discovered vs a hotel. The sun loungers are on a private stretch of beach or by the pool and the whole resort is right by the beach (no dodgy only 5 mins walk to beach that you find in some places). it's a perfect setting.The photos of the rooms on the Oberoi website do not do them justice. They are lovely.Closing thoughts... if you're looking for modern bling (infinity pool, decking, white sofas and Cafe Del Mar playing in the background) then check out the Samaya a km or so down the beach. We had dinner at their Breeze restaurant and it was wonderful. But the Oberoi oozes a different kind of class... it feels more timeless and effortless... we loved it and we can't to visit them again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1641,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1636}]}