{"text":"Never Again Apart from the location, I have nothing good to say about this hotel and I'm surprised the number of people who rate it so well.It's the only hotel that we booked through our travel agent and never again. We spent 4 weeks in Italy, and I booked all of the hotels through the hotel websites after researching them on Trip Adviser - they were all FANTASTIC.Anyway, the Pitti Palace. We initially stayed for one night, and our room was dirty, dark and felt unclean. There were no power points, the lighting was too dark and the carpet was filthy. Needless to say that I didn't sleep at all that night.First thing in the morning, I emailed our travel agent and asked her to relocate us in another hotel as we were heading off on our walking tour and returning to the Pitti Palace a week later.Unfortunately, there was a big fashion event in Florence the weekend of 18 June and all of the hotels were booked out. In addition, the hotel required 7 days notice for any cancellations. The hotels that I booked directly only required 24 hours notice.Eventually, the travel agent managed to upgrade us to another room for an additional 50 euro a night. This room was much cleaner and we had no other option but to accept it.The staff at reception on both of our stays were rude and indifferent and too busy surfing the Internet to acknowledge you when you walked past reception.On the day of our arrival (1st stay) an English couple who were checking out, left their luggage with the Hotel while they did some last minute things. On arriving back at the hotel, they found that the cash that they left in their bags had disappeared. The Hotel maintained that a tourist had walked in off the street and taken the money. Let's assume that this did happen!! I still cannot accept that this hotel did not think that it was appropriate to ensure that the bags were secured in an area that was not easily accessible by the public. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":391,"mention":"Palace","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_New_York_Palace_Hotel"],"startOffset":385}]}