{"text":"Don't use the ATM at the resort and cancel your card if you did! This review will definately be tainted based on a bad experience, but rightly so. My husband and I stayed at the resort from September 27-October 3 and overall had a good time, but found everything about the DR, including this resort to be sketchy. We both used the ATM at the resort several times during our stay as no one would take a credit card for anything - shops, excursions, etc. In the past week, BOTH of our checking accounts have been cleaned out with fradulant ATM withdrawls in foreign countries. We have separate accounts and never use the same ATMs for withdrawls except for this one. Basically the resort machine was hacked and our account numbers and pins were stolen and it would have been an inside job. Oh, and either housekeeping or airport staff stole my husband's electric shaver and belt.We are definately left with a bad taste in our mouths, but wished it would have been a better trip in the first place. On the plus side, we met some great people and had a lot of fun with them. Our room was big and clean and we had a pool view. The beach was pretty and the excursions we went on were nice. The bar and restaurant staff were really friendly and nice as well. We had a very lovely private beach dinner for our anniversary. I think we would have found these things though or had hoped to find them at any resort and unfortunately nothing stood out as outstanding and the bad things really stood out., beyond the theft. I will list out a few:1. The ala carte restaurants were hardly open - only one at once and I don't think the Italian place ever opened. And you couldn't plan ahead because it was never listed which would be open when anywhere.2. They shut down the seafood restaurant on the beach while we were there and started constuction on a new restaurant closer to the beach. We were treated to bright lights, bulldozers and LOUD noises on the beach day and night - not very relaxing.3. The buffet food was edible, but not necessarily good. 4. The salespeople on the terrace each night were beyond annoying. 5. It was inconvenient and it turns out costly that the gift shop, excursion representative, and dive shop on the resort would not take credit cards - cash only. I think many of these things are the case at most all-inclusive resorts and that you get what you pay for. We've stayed at a Secrets in Mexico and a Couples in Jamaica which are top of line resorts and did not find these problems at all. So, I don't even know if I would have posted this review before the ATM theft because the resort isn't marketed as a 4-star or superior resort. I am surprised so many others have posted such glowing reviews here and that it ranks so highly. ","annotations":[]}