{"text":"Staff needs a complete overhaul! Totally unprofessional. I am a recruiter so I travel a LOT. I typically stay at Hilton's but this time we needed a hotel restaurant in the heart of Dallas for a business dinner. From start to finish the staff at the Westin was surprisingly unprofessional. Here are the things I observed and found to be disappointing and impacting the business I was trying to conduct in the city and at the hotel:1. Front desk was annoyed to have to deal with customers. Did not give me any information about the hotel upon check in and certainly did not have a welcoming smile---instead they had a monotone and quick response to everything asked of them. They looked like their clothing was not ironed and the girl pulled her hair into a half-pulled through pony tail with no make up. 2. I arrived at the valet, confused about parking, b\/c my business was going to pay for the parking of my vehicle. They pointed to the parking ramp. I self-parked only to find out that I had to then go get my car back out of the lot and take it back to the valet so they could then return it directly back to the lot. I got stuck with paying the $6 and they refused to validate nor apologize for the confusion with the valets. The valets could have taken the time to explain the parking process to me for its guests. Just like the front desk staff, they did not care to inform. There was one Italian good looking younger gentleman with gelled hair who was very kind and helpful later in my stay, but that's it.3. After check-in, I had an hour before my business dinner in the restaurant downstairs. The internet in my room would not connect properly with the purchasing site and I was told by the front desk that they would not automatically credit my room with internet despite the problems with their site. I was left high and dry. They said I could come back downstairs and use their lobby internet---this was after the parking run around and while trying to get ready for dinner I was about to conduct in their hotel.4. I arrived at the hotel restaurant to find there was no host\/ess to seat me. I stood there for 10 mins until I finally flagged someone down. They had no record of my reservation I made a month prior and that I called to confirm just hours before. They sat me and I waited......and waited.....and waited.....finally, I flagged someone down and said, NO I had not been served yet! It turned out they sat my guest for dinner at another table on the other side of the restaurant who waited there for 15 mins while I was at my table--this was after I informed them twice to direct guests of ____to come to my table. Thank GOD they did not walk out. I would have lost a $60K sale. The service throughout the whole dinner was spotty and I had to get up to get a server, leaving my prospect at their seat, THREE TIMES. I was so embarassed. I stood around by the bar waiting for someone to get my check so I could pay it....they eventually had to comp my dessert and wrap it up to go b\/c they were taking so long. My guest had long left by the time I was able to cash out. I was so embarassed and angered by their lack of consideration for this dinner I had arranged with them a month prior.5. The carpet in the room was stained and looked disgusting. Room 907.6. On my way to another business function, they took 30 minutes to get my car. After 20 minutes of waiting, I inquired about my vehicle. The valet told me they forgot and were just not going to get it. I was late for my function because of this.7. I was standing at the hotel lobby computer and heard an employee in the back room yell [--] and then there was a Shhhh.8. Dishes and left over food were strewn throughout the hallway from 6pm until 6:30am the next day when I woke up. Disgusting.Overall, my experience with the staff at the Westin was extremely disappointing. I travel 27 weeks out of the year and am able to request the hotel I stay in and decide where I will conduct our business socials---which is usually in the hotel restaurant b\/c of convenience. I will not be staying at a Westin again. I'm going back to the Hilton. It's too bad, b\/c the hotel itself was beautiful (minus the carpet in the room). ","annotations":[]}