{"text":"Great location This was my third stay at the Outrigger. I travel to Hawaii on business once or twice a year. The Outrigger has a lot going for it. It's right on the waikiki beach. It's got a great bar in Dukes. It's got a great resturant in the Hula Grill. Chucks steakhouse isn't very good, so skip it. It's right next door to the Cheescake factory if you're into that type of thing. Right across the street is a large open air international market place for buying all your Hawaii junk. When my wife was with me last February, I ponied up for a beachfront view. You have to be careful booking here. They oceanfront view, ocean view, partial ocean view and city view. I had the ocean view on my Feb trip, but it really was a lame view. So I upgraded to the best they had and it was nice. My wife is picky, God love her, and it met with her approval. This week I just got the el cheapo city view and it was in the far back corner of floor 10. No real complaints, but the bathroom was about the smallest I've ever seen in any hotel anywhere. (and I stay 75-100 nights on the road each year). But if you are looking for a $200\/night hotel in Waikiki, this is about as good as it gets with the location. Negatives would be the upsell they always try on you when you check in. The pool is tiny, but hey you're on the beach. God's pool is steps away. Chucks Steakhouse had the worst of steaks. Pass on it. Waikiki is wall to wall tourists so be prepared. Some people dig it. I can only handle it for a night or two. Then I move on to the more quiet islands. Here's a tip if you're here in the winter and you dig watching pro's surf. Head to the north shore and find the Banzai Pipeline. Use a GPS. Good food in the little Q-hut across the street. Don't let Waikiki kill your love for Hawaii. Be sure to branch out to Maui or Kauai and see the real paradise. My favorite is the Wailea area of Maui. Whale watching during winter months is incredible. Right from the beach or check out the Pacific Whale Foundation and their eco-tours. Just incredible. Also, for what it's worth, before you come to Hawaii, be sure to read a good guide book, one that has some history of the islands. It really helps to understand the local hawaiian people. It helps you get insde their heads a bit and to be able to accept their aloha spirit. Hawaiians are amazing people. Get pas the tourist stuff and get to know them if you can. It's all an issue of respect and by reading up on the history of the islands, you will gain way more than you give. Mahalo! ","annotations":[]}