{"text":"Great Vacation Spot After reading reviews before our trip I was a bit anxious, but after arriving to this beautiful resort I was very pleased. We stayed from June 27 to July 6, 07. Overall our group, including 3 pre-teens, had a great time. The resort is beautiful, with lots of palm trees and flowers. What we all agreed made our trip was our room location. I had done some research before (much thanks to Candlemaker's suggestion) and had requested two rooms in building 2 facing the lazy river. Thanks to Caren Devries for meeting my request. We would go out to the beach every morning until mid afternoon (you do need to get up early to reserve shaded beach chairs) and then return later in the afternoon to enjoy relaxation in the pool. It was right out our doorwall!! The kids loved ordering room service each afternoon and the food was fresh and tasty. You can always find something good to eat at the Windows Buffet. If you don't like the first thing you try just go back up. The omelet station for breakfast is very good and so were the ready to order smoothies. We really enjoyed the Italian restaurant, DiMarios. Try the beef medalions. The food was excellent and the kids had fun ordering virgin Margaritas. The Beach Garden for dinner was also very good and the wait staff was very friendly. It is so beautiful eating outside under the thatch roof seeing the moon and the ocean. The American Grill however was very disappointing. The service was terrible, we waited forever for a drink, and the food was not good either. The Thursday night beach party was nice and they work real hard to set everything up. Bringing singles for tips worked out good (you don't have to tip, but they appreciate it, especially at the bars). We did three excursions. Deep sea fishing, (caught nothing and got seasick), parasailing and the glass bottom snorkeling. All of these are available for purchase right on the beach. The snorkeling was very nice, there is a reef with lots of fish and sea creatures. Floating in the ocean with our home-brought drink mugs was the best. Lots of fish to see and they do clean the beach. What's a little seaweed. All in all we had a great time. Go with a good attitude and you'll bring back great memories. ","annotations":[]}