{"text":"Not what it used to be.... Stayed at the Palladium Bavaro over New Years. This was our second time at this resort. and we were disappointed with the food. Two years ago, food in the buffets was very good. (the sit down restaurants have always been average at best- same food as in the buffets, but less choices and usually very slow, unmotivated wait staff... still the same...). Though there is plentiful food, and many choices, it is not good, overcooked, and boring. After 2 days, one can predict all the choices.... If you like pork, you will find it carved different ways just about every dinner and lunch. Same for chicken... As was mentioned by a previous reviewer- the roast ducks, carved on two nights were breasless !! They have removed the breast prior to roasting.... I have never seen this done before. Since duck breast was not featured in any of the restaurants, I must assume that they purchase the ducks with the breast meat already removed.... Cheaper...Cold cuts are of the cheapest varieties, and the same all the time. Fruits always available, were sometimes presented past their prime. The wine served with lunch and dinner is the same every day. Very cheap, Spanish wine. There is no option for purchasing better wines. Liquers at the bars are mostly domestic with a very pitiful selection... There has been a definite deterioration in food quality and service. New Years Eve buffet , though it featured overcooked, room temperature lobster, Leftover from the New Year Extravaganza were featured at the buffets for lunch and dinner the next three days....Beach is beautiful.The resort was full, so not enough lounge chairs. Late comers had to sit on the sand. At times- the beach resembled Ocean City... very crowded. The beach had eroded in the last two years and is now somewhat narrower. We are early risers, so reserving lounges was not a problem as long as one does it before the sun comes up.... When in Rome- do like rhe Romans....Grounds are well kept and very beautiful, suites are nice, clean. Fresh sheets every day, mini bar restocked daily. Hard mattresses but not too bad.Service is fine, but not the most enthusiastic, even with tipping. I had the feeling that the workers do not get to keep the tips... Most understand English, don't bother with trying to speak Spanish. They do understand basic English.Entertainment is pittiful, though the New Year's eve and Michael Jackson shows were ok.No wireless internet. Limited TV. The weather was typical Punta Cana\/ The beach faces North, so it gets quite windy at ttimes, and the wind is relatively cold. No wind once you move away from the beach. (Pools have no wind at all). It rained for a short time just about every day, but not a real problem.All in all, a relaxing time at the beach. Would have been great if the food was better, and the staff slightly more cheerful and enthusiastic...We would not go back to this resort, but may consider others. ","annotations":[]}