{"text":"Family Fun Our Family stayed here for a week in the beginning of October. Our children are ages 1, 3, 5 and the amenities this property provides were perfect for our needs! We ran a load of laundry a day with all the swimming and exploring we were doing and the housekeeping staff caught on quickly and kept us well supplied with Tide :-). The kids loved the sandpails they received at check-in and the beach directly across from the hotel is very shallow and has a wonderful breakwater which kept big waves from wiping out our little ones. The staff were exceptionally courteous, espicially the valets! The 2 BR 2Bath unit we had was very spacious and the kitchen had everything we needed to make meals in (easier on the kids than eating out all the time). It's within walking distance of the zoo and aquarium and the Oceanarium is right across the street. McDonalds is right out the main entrance and was great for pancakes and fresh pineapple that we could bring back upstairs for the kids a couple of mornings.They are currently remodeling, and the unit we stayed in hadn't been refurbished yet but we didn't mind. We worried much less about causing noticeable damage. Our 1 year old did manage to pull a handful of cables out of the cable box on one of the TV's and the maintenance staff that came to repair a broken one for us was so kind and even smiled and joked with our little perpetrator.My only complaints would be... The maids always came between 1 and 3 when our two youngest were napping. They did light, quiet work but never adjusted schedule to come during a time when they could give us full service, vaccuuming, etc. Also, the evening turn down service with treats that the kids quickly came to look forward too was non-existent the last 3 nights. They were sorely disappointed! Also there was a problem with tiny little ants in the kitchen, we declined their offer to have an exterminator come in and use chemicals while our children were there and they never offered to move us to another room although admittedly we never asked.Over all the amenities and location were ideal with only a few service issues. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":925,"mention":"pancakes","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pancake"],"startOffset":917}]}