{"text":"I loved it!!! Great Service for a Great Price! When it comes to booking a hotel, I look for somethig really nice no matter the price. I needed to get away from Houston because of the situation with Gustav hurricane. My husband was out of town and I needed a safe place for myself and my three children (all under 13). I booked at Magnolia Hotel because the pics in the website of the room looked impressive and the price was above my expectation. Upon my arrival, we were all wowed!!. The view was so glamourous with the blue night lights and it had a wonderful view of a waterfall wall feature. I requested Valet because there is really no other option when you get a hotel in downtown. That's pretty self explainatory. The valet gentleman was very geneours and requested to send my luggage to my room. I checked in quickly and was impressed with the beautiful decor!! Wow.. I thought it was very unique. The elevators have this cool feeling of antique flavor that my kids loved it. Our room had a great view and the the layout of the room was definately something different I never saw before. The decor of the room and the colors were absolutely gorgeous. My kids loved it as well. Then, the breakfast, OMG, was the best I've ever had. I've stayed in other hotels allot more expensive, three times the price and I've never had such a glamrous breakfast. The area of the breakfast is more of a lounge area with fancy decor and top of the line modern furniture. Really unique and my kids loved it. The breakfast was complimentary and that really impressed me. You get eggs, ham and potatoes and starbucks coffee! yeh. Overall, what can I say, I told my husband we have to plan a trip to Dallas just to stay at the Magnolia Hotel. Keep up the good work. The price for the service, you can't get that anywhere else. IF you plan to go to San Antonio, you pay three times that price and you don't get the same. Trust me on this. :o) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1612,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1606}]}