{"text":"Cheap for a reason....... I was staying at the InterCity for work, and having stayed previously at the InterContinental, it was of course always going to be different, but at half the cost it does represent good value. However......Check InVery long queue at check in as a large group was in front of me. This is a big hotel, with a very small check in desk. It took 30 minutes to reach the front of the queue. RoomDespite asking for an executive smoking room, on getting upstairs, it was clear that this was a non smoking floor. Don't get me wrong this is a good thing! For non smokers to be subjected to the stale rank smell of cigs is gross, so I asked to moved to a smoking floor. This was dealt with quickly and efficiently. The rooms are small, but well laid out...... just a bit tacky. Compare this to a Holiday Inn Express (same cost etc) and it just falls short. Old and slightly tired, woodchip on the walls, stains on the carpets. Having booked an exec room (same rooms but free wireless  minibar, bathrobe) none of this was available and therefore later, when I went on line having put on requested bath robe, had to get dressed and go to reception. The wireless just does not work. Could not logon at all and gave up. So, I took to my bed (twin room, very narrow single bed) only to realise that the mattress was PLASTIC!!!!!! This is completely horrible and resulted in my having a sweaty, and desperately uncomfortable night. Really really uncomfortable. I am neither incontinent nor a toddler and I felt slightly insulted about this. Only one, very flat pillow. The result? A complete failure by the hotel to provide me with what I was paying for..... a good nights sleep. NOT FIT FOR PURPOSE.A colleague had a really negative experience with the TV system. As there were no English channels, she signed in for Pay TV assuming it would be extra premium channels (Sky One, Comedy Channel, BBC etc) but was treated to a range of Porn. Take my word for it, she is no prude, but did not wish to pay for Porn she didn't want, but the hotel were totally intransigent about it. When I tried to sort this out at reception, another guest said he had had excactly the same issue. Please InterCity, all you have to do is list the Porn as Adult TV and you will not have angry, embarrassed guest demanding their money back to no avail!!Staff, breakfast  facilitiesStaff very polite at all times. Perfectly acceptable outdoor terrace with bar and large screen TV (football going on). Good breakfast choice, but room too small at busy periods and not refuelled efficiently. There is a gym and sauna, but I didn't try them out.LocationRight next to the station and walking distance to all of downtown Frankfurt.OverallI just can't stay somewhere twice where I cannot sleep. I was here to work..... and ended up feeling tired and not on form during meetings. Next time I will justify the extra cost and stay somewhere else. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1868,"mention":"premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":1861}]}