{"text":"Great! I will post this review under both the IFA Villas and IFA Village as they are part of the same resort complex.Overall this resort is above average and I would rate it a four out of five.My girlfreind and I (both 27) arrive on JAn 29 and stayed until Feb 5, 2007.Facilities:Upon arrival they put us in the Villas section, room 1089, I asked them if they could move us closer to the beach and they said they would have a room in the 4000 block on the 31st.THe VIllas section is quite a ways away from the beach. The higher your room number in the 1000 block the further away you are. Overall my room in the Villas section was a little run down compared to the room I was given later in the 4000 block. I the worst problems were the shower( no tub) was very low flow and took a long time for the water to turn hot. Also the refrigerator did not seem to cool very well even on high. The TV had no remote and the front door did not seem very secure. I would recommend everyone to rent a safe ( $3 dollars a day) The Villas overall wuold be good for someone who would prefere a quiet location pool site rather then a crowded beach. Or the foot traffic of the other more central pools.The main stage, 3 al cart restaurant , a pool bar and Captain lounge are all located in the Villas section. The 2 buffet restaurants are located in the other parts of the complex so they are bit of a walk to get to.On the January 31 we moved to our room in the 4000 block in the Oceans Village section (4036). The room overall was in much better shape the our other room in the Villas The biigest improvement was the flow of the shower. The TV had a remote and as we were on the third flow we had a balcony. We were now only a short walk from the beach.The beach was great but make sure you wake up early and put a towel on a chair. Many days we slept in and could not find an empty chair and had to go over the Barcelo section of beach.Find the stage and stay away from it if you prefer quite as they like to blast the music.I found the grounds were very well kept and secureFoodOverall the food was very good. You could aways get something to eat from 7 Am to 3AM. The buffets offer an abundance of different foods. They always have someone on the grill cooking something. My personal favorite was breakfast, the cook woould prepare an omelette for you from an assortment of ingredients for your selection. My only complaint would be that sometime the waiter or waitress would take too long to get my drink and I'd be finished eating by the time it arrived. I only ate at the International a la carte restaurant so I can not comment on the other two. Many days I would grab a slice of pizza from the snack bar beside the pool in the Village section.The disco (afterhours at the beach bar) was somewhat of a disappointment as it was not very well attended. But you can go there to grab a bite to eat up until 3AM. Staff and entertainmentOverall the staff were very freindly. I never had any problems getting a drink. Sometime I'd go up to the bar and be asked what I wanted by three different bartenders while the fourth was alreadty preparing my order. If you are sitting at a table the waitresses can take some time coming around so I would have to go to the bar to get another drink.( No big deal) The Animation team (entertainment) was very good and they try to keep you entertained. AtmosphereThe week I was there the resort was mostly attended by couples and European tourists (mostly French). Although I did see many different combinations, groups of women , groups of men, some families etc I would definitely go back again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2668,"mention":"slice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sliced_bread"],"startOffset":2663},{"endOffset":2677,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":2672}]}