{"text":"Claims to be a 5 Star Hotel--False Advertising from London, OntarioWe stayed at this resort last week and just arrived home on Sunday evening.When you first enter the lobby of the Riu Taino, their front desk staff lead you to believe this hotel is the most friendliest hotel in Punta Cana, and you get a warm, fuzzy feeling. Well, let me tell you that this feeling doesn't last very long!The rooms are old, but ample for what one requires on a vacation to the south. There were ants crawling on our counter top in the bathroom. The fridge was not stocked regularly and we were always running out of pop. The maid did not clean the floors everyday and there was always sand on the floors from being at the beach.The restaurants were ample for breakfast and lunch. Dinner was a different story though. One night the waiter slopped the water he was pouring into my purse and on my camera--not even an apology! Come to find out, we witnessed with our own eyes, the waiters were drinking patrons' left over wine from dinner! I did report this to the maitre de, but I think it was sloughed off. We did not find the service particularly good nor were the wait staff attentive enough to their patrons to warrant a tip. We did try the Steak House and my steak was a 'minute' steak filled with fat, and my son's chicken was dry and tough. Dinner at the buffet was almost the same every evening.The bars were pretty good, although in the beginning, if they didn't want to make the drink, the bar staff would say they didn't have that particular brand of alcohol to make that drink.The pool was particularly cold, but the beach was the best, although the first couple of days the seaweed was particularly bad in front of our hotel--the only hotel within miles that had this problem, I have to say.The grounds were kept particularly clean and the staff was always working to keep them up.In conclusion, I have been on vacation in Punta Cana 8 times, and I would never return to this hotel! I approached the Sunquest representative and did speak to the Manager of the hotel with my concerns, and not too much was done about the situation. According to the Riu Hotel Chain, this is a 5 Star hotel and according to Sunquest, this is a 4.5 Star hotel. Unfortunately, the only thing 5* about this hotel is the beach and the toilet paper.Liz V. ","annotations":[]}