{"text":"The Putrid Santrian We too were keen to stay at this hotel based on the reviews below. We will be travelling to Bali again, but there is no way we will be staying at The Putrid Santrian.This hotel was a major disappointment. Compared to the 4 other hotels we stayed in in Bali, this one was far below average. Cannot agree enough with this statement from the previous review. We arrived at the hotel about 2pm. We were aware from our previous hotel experience that we had probably not booked a nice enough room and when we asked for an upgrade without yet seeing our room we were bluntly told no, the hotel was fully booked. So we were escorted to our Garden view room on the second floor and walked into a very small smelly room with twin beds that still hadn't been cleaned from the previous customers. There were drink bottles, rubbish and shoes (yes it's true) strewn everywhere, and the beds still had dirty sheets on them. We could not believe that they had shown us to a room that had not yet been cleaned. We still had to fit in another bed for our son in this room, and forseeing a miserable 6 days in this room we trooped back to reception. Upon insisting on an upgrade (which magically appeared after 15 minutes of negotiating) we were shown to a Bungalow room, which was admittedly better than the previous room - at least it was bigger and we could easily fit in an extra bed for our son. For our extra $25us\/day we got a room that was darker than a coal miner's nostril, with a dated dank dirty bathroom. The shower curtain leaked even though we had it positioned inside the bath. It was not possible to hang up our towels each morning after showering for the next day, because we had to use them to mop up all the water on the floor. The corners of the bathroom were filthy.The surroundings of the Puri are certainly lovely and the pools are great. The grounds at night were lit beautifully, much better than the rooms in fact. We were given two pool cards with our room numbers on them to obtain towels for the pool. We were assured that we could get 3 towels each time as we obviously needed towels for all 3 of us. My husband and I ended up taking turns to get the towels, as neither of us could stand the lenghty explanations it took to get 3 towels from the attendants. Believe me the towels were no worth stealing anyway!!!We had breakfast included in the price of our room. Breakfast was OK but not fantastic like it was in our previous hotel. It was often hard to attract the attention of the staff to get our tea\/coffee refilled. We can't say what other meals at the hotel were like as we didn't eat there, because we declined to contribute any more of our money to the hotel. We didn't really find the staff friendly at all, which is amazing for a hotel in Bali. They were slow and had an aura of indifference. There were some kids around but very few that spoke English so it was a bit disappointing for our son.We liked the surrounding beach cafes, restaurants and Sanur shopping. We will be staying in Sanur again (hopefully next year) but will instead choose to stay at The Segara Village. We met the manager of the Segara Village on our Elephant Safari trip and she invited (or we invited ourselves) to have a look at the hotel. After viewing the ugraded Segara Village rooms, pools and gardens we were absolutely smitten and so sorry we had discovered this paradise on our last day.Do not be taken in by the other positive reviews of the Puri Santrian and that it is Number 1 on the Trip advisor site for Sanur - you can do alot better that this dark dank outdated hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":498,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":494},{"endOffset":498,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":494}]}