{"text":"Top Class Property Booking:I booked over the telephone and I was very impressed with the friendly, down to earth manner of the reservations staff. Email confirmation arrived immediately. I had to make an alteration to our booking the day before our stay which was accommodated without any trouble at all.Check In:On arrival we received a free upgrade and was offered a tour of the facilities which was a nice touch although we declined as we'd had a long trip and were exhausted.Location:Fabulously situated just off Dean Street tucked away just enough to not get caught up in hussle and bussle but close enough to the bars\/restaurants etc of Soho and 5 minute walk from Covent Garden.Common Areas:The giant cat in the lobby is very eye catching - love it or hate it. Richly coloured murals decorate plain walls. Very classy and individual.Rooms:Very spacious, light, airy and beautifully decorated. We had more room than we knew what to do with! We were on the second floor and had no problem at all with noise although we stayed on a weekend. A guy we got chatting to who was also staying on this floor and had been all week complained about the level of road noise.Bar:Superb. Very lively from early evening with friendly bar staff. Very diverse crowd. Great for people watching. Not as many lady lurkers or guys of a certain age looking for a good time than Long Bar @ Sanderson. Recommended whether you're staying in the hotel or not.Spa:Never got time, grrr.Breakfast:She tried, bless her..... need I say more?Concierge:Arranged our dinner bookings without a hitch but did seem a bit cold when approached for directions. A bit of sense of humour wouldn't go amiss, however if they got the job done so we'll let them off. Perhaps they were having an off day.Price:Less than some other hotels in the same category. Drinks not as ridiculous as some places. I have to say that this is the best hotel (in my opinion) that I have ever visited in London. Although the decor may not be as jaw-dropping as the Sanderson, it has a lot more class and a feel of luxury to it. The level of service also leaves competitors far behind. I have booked to visit this hotel again and will continue to stay here as long as the standards remain as high as on this visit. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":408,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":404}]}