{"text":"Good hotel for the money We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights after a recent cruise. As others have said, it can be tricky to find if you're driving yourself, but once you get your bearings, it's not so bad.We arrived hours before check-in, and although we couldn't get into our room, the hotel stored our baggage so we could go exploring. Once we got into our room, we weren't disappointed... It was a 2-room suite with more than enough room for us and our 6 year old daughter (who was thrilled to have her own room and tv). The room was very clean and looked pretty new. The bed had a fitted sheet on it, which I always like to see in hotels (hate how the flat ones can come off during the night). Our room overlooked the pool (and the highway, which is RIGHT next to the pool), but while I worried about noise from planes or traffic, there was NONE! The same can't be said about noise from INSIDE the hotel. Our first night there (a Sunday), there was a singer and music in the lobby that we heard plain as day in our room. The good thing was, it was over by about 9:30, and after that, all was quiet.The breakfast in the morning offered tons of choices, from omelettes to pancakes to cereal. Something for everyone. Our first morning there was very rainy, and that may have led to the REALLY long breakfast lines. It literally took us 25 minutes to get our food. Yikes! The second morning, though, there was practically no line. Go figure... It would be nice to have the breakfast open later than just 9:30. Seems kind of early for a hotel that has a lot of tourists as guests.Our only real problem with the hotel was that our room was never made up on our full day there. We'd left the hotel at around 9:30 and got back at 3. The room hadn't been touched. Went to the pool for another 2 hours; still nothing. We got a a call at around 5:30 asking if we'd like for them to make up the room for us. At that point, we figured why bother, and just asked for new towels. All in all, I'd recommend this hotel. The pool was very nice, and the staff we ran into were very pleasant. It's walking distance to the beach, is clean and bright, and a good value for the money. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1184,"mention":"pancakes","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pancake"],"startOffset":1176}]}