{"text":"Loved it When you book your trip use apple vacations. Its a direct flight,Reps are there 8 hours a day to help you and accomodate you very well. When we arrived we were directed to a charter bus with air conditioning, the ride is an hour but not bad. Remember this is not a USA or Euorpean trip it is Third world country. The hotel is nice, the employees great. There were no rats or mice (very classless to even say that) We were there on our honeymoon, and so was 90% of the other guests. No one was racist and they would never say racist remarks either. They are fun loving people. And sexual harassment is not believable either lol! ( get over yourself) Howevever we did find older people weren't as impressed as we were with Dreams. So if you arent planning a get a way or honeymoon you may not like it there because its all about relaxaion. So if you like to be busy and active it may not be for you. The food was good,not hot but not really bad. The buffet was always good, Bordeax was great it is a french resturant. Our air conditioning stopped on fourth day, but they moved us ASAP to a new room they even moved us we didn't have to do a thing! Learn Spanish before you go.... or at least the basics. Remember you are in their country they are not required to speak your language.. Most know some English but not all of them. The hotel ws kept up maybe not a 6 rating that it is considered, but no where in the Domenican republic is. (3rd world!) We went horseback riding on the beach it ws great! Dreams offers free bike tours they were great Julio the tour guide is great! The bikes weren't the best but we were ok.It wasn't buggy when we stayed. 1st floor I hard was. It like 90 degrees there what do you expect.You have t oleave dreams to do good snorkeling. It advertises it there but its not what you would assume.It was fun there we would definately return. This hotel gets some bad reviews but remember there are people who are never satisfied no matter where they go.We are in our late 20' and we had a blast. I would recommend 9 days because you just get a feel for what is going on and then the week is up! It was a great honeymoon, and if it wasnt the hotel wouldn't have been booked up with honeymooners if it wasn't . ","annotations":[]}