{"text":"good times!!! We stayed from April 13 to the 20th. Because of the bad reviews lately and the beach fire, we tried to change our decision the last minute, but with nothing else available, we decided to bite the bullet and just go with it. Let me tell you I am very glad that we did!! We had a great time. There was 4 of us, a younger crowd most would say, but it was nothing but good. The resort itself is beautiful. The workers work very hard at keeping it clean. It is very big,so it is nice to catch the tram, which are a blast to ride on. We stayed Platinum and it was very well worth it. The room was kept very clean, we did not see any big gross bugs or anything. Our fridge was always stocked. The AC worked which was a bonus because it is HOT there!!The showers werent the best at times, hardly any pressure. It just depended on what time your shower was at.And how many other people were doing the same thing at that same time.None of us got sick from the food. Keep in mind that they do not have food like what we have. Chances are if it looks different from what you are used to then it will taste a little different as well. We got a chance to eat at all of the a la carte's, for us the Asian place was the best. It was great and the service was great as well. We were very well looked after. The night life isnt so great, so went to the casino one night other than that we would take a 10 minute walk down the beach(which is amazing) to another resort that we had access to and sit at there beach bar all night. I would definalty go back here. I would reccommend a few other things. We did alot of the tours. We went horse backing riding which I dont think that I would do again. The horses dont listen very well becasue they only know spanish, so if you know spanish than you will be fine. The Outback Safari was a great trip!!!! Our tour guide Sammy was amazing. He knew alot and was really entertaining to boot. The driver Hector was great as well. Made the best Santo Libre's EVER!!The driving there is CRAZY! I was scared for my life many of times. Just to warn you. Saona Island was BEAUTIFUL!!!What a great day trip that was as well. They take you to a little island in the Caribeen Sea. We also went Quading. It was a blast, however we were stuck with about 15 people from Spain, and they were the rudest people I have ever met. I will never travel to Spain for that reason. Please keep in mind that you are in a third world country. You are in a 5 star hotel to them. Not at the damn Hilton. Keep that in mind then you wont be so let down. When shopping, bargin bargin bargin. Always go half of what they say then go from there. Everyone wants you go to into their store. Also it wouldnt hurt to learn a bit of spanish before you go. Its alot easier on you and them and they also appreciate it.It was a great time and we will be back!!! ","annotations":[]}