{"text":"Perfect solution to city break hotel! I was planning a Paris break for my girlfriend as her Christmas present, for 3 nights over New Years 08.Before I continue writing, I must let you in on a secret... I'm an obsessive planner! I like to know all the details before I go somewhere, so I intend to list all the things I would have wanted to know here for you, so you can make an informed decision.First off, travel from airport to the hotel. We used the taxi from the airport, standard 5 seat car, and it cost 43 euro to the door. I tipped him 7 euro, but apparently this was way above the going rate. It took 30 minutes, and this was at 10pm.If I had known the city already, perhaps the Roissybus to Opera, then Metro system to the hotel would have worked just as well, and been half the price. But late at night, we just wanted to get to the hotel!On arrival, with my shaky french I was worried we'd struggle checking in. Not an issue at all. The desk staff spoke very clear, polite English, and in a matter of minutes we were in our room. Perhaps because I booked 3 months in advance, we were upgraded room type on arrival, which was a very pleasant surprise!We opted not to have breakfast in the hotel.... 27 euro each seemed ridiculous. Instead, if you cross over the road to the Bercy village, there's a Starbucks (within 200 metres of hotel door), where you can get breakfast for two for around 14 euro. Much better option in my opinion.The metro station is beside Starbucks, so you'll be heading in that direction anyway. If you've never used a metro system before, don't worry... The french metro system is incredibly efficient. As we were only there for 3 days, we each bought a carnet (a pack of 10 single tickets) for 11 euro 40 each.The ride into Madeleine station was approx 7 minutes (Line M14). So in other words, do not worry in the slightest that this hotel is slightly out of the way... it's extremily accessible due to the great metro system.There are restaurants in the Bercy village beside the hotel (Bercy village is really just a strip of shops and restaurants), but most of these were closed when we stayed.Room service in the hotel is a great option is you're feeling lazy, and the pizzas we had were both big, and very tasty.Erm... what else. The rooms are very nice, with the queen sized bed being very comfy. Our minibar was free for our upgraded room, and was re-stocked every day. Bathrobe and slippers were supplied, and used!!!The free TV channels are limited (CNN, Sky News, BBC News), so we ended up paying to watch Hancock for 12 euro one night. I would say the only thing that let me down was the TV... but then, you're in Paris! Who needs TV?!?! Oh, the TV is a 32 inch LCD, so it's enjoyable to watch.All in all, an excellent experience at this hotel, and I wouldn't think twice about staying again. Same opinion from my girlfriend!Paris is a lovely city... enjoy!! ","annotations":[]}