{"text":"Quiet and Relaxing Like many others here I first read many of these reviews prior to booking my vacation. The quantity of positive reviews here was actually pretty amazing, I almost wondered if this was too good to be true. Perhaps lots of relatives of employees were posting away!Well, I am happy to report that every positive review here is dead on. This resort is wonderful to stay at and is staffed with individuals of the highest caliber. I was amazed by the common concern that all staff members shared for the comfort of their guests. The maintenance and gardening crew, front desk, waiters and bartenders, cooks, pool and beach crew, store staff, etc... Everyone was so polite and helpful, and when needed were always willing to go above and beyond to ensure your visit was perfect.The resort was very clean and the grounds crew was out every day ensuring it stayed that way. The pool was cleaned every morning, I woke up early enough every day to see them doing so. The rooms were spacious, clean, and most certainly set the mood for relaxation.I booked a 4 night all inclusive. This was well worth the cost for me as I am a bit of a drinker and I love to eat! We were here for the first week of August, just after the local children were back in school. So the resort was very quiet, although it was still fully staffed! This time is considered part of their off season, however it was still a wonderful experience.The food was good at the outside cafe and very good for the inside fine dining. I was so conerned about the bar closing around 11:30pm and thought I would be left wanting a drink after, however I was so busy during the day that I never made it past 10:30pm any given night! This is good as there is no local night life. So if you're looking to have a busy day, a few drinks by the pool, and a good dinner and some relaxing music, then this is a place for you. If you're looking to go clubbing at night, then you need to look elsewhere. My only disappointment with the resort, and this is just personal preference, would be the beach. I enjoy a rough surf and diving into waves. The sea here is like a bathtub, very little movement and pretty warm. Obviously this will appeal to many, but may not for those used to a little action in the water.I am already planning my next trip back, and so I recommend this resort to anyone looking to get away for relaxation. From others I have met there I understand that it is much busier and less quiet during their regular season, so I plan on doing another offseason trip. I want to end by thanking the Copamarina staff for ensuring our vacation was wonderful, they really are great people there!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":524,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":517}]}