{"text":"Standard Iberostar Our family of 6 (including two 18 yr olds and two 13 yr olds) stayed at the IB Dom. 3\/15-3\/22\/08. We've stayed at the IB in Playa del Carmen, and this resort was equivalent. The grounds are beautiful, beach was beautiful, staff was friendly.We arrived at the resort around 4pm on Saturday. Check-in went quickly, and we were unpacking in our rooms within 30 minutes. No complaints about the rooms, or the resort in general. Buffet food got old pretty quickly and we ventured off-resort to eat one evening during the week. Cab fare was $20 each way (for a 10 minute ride - too expensive IMO), and food was just average for the prices charged. In comparing Punta Cana to Playa del Carmen, we prefer Playa....much more to do off-site, and less expensive. The staff did rake up the row of seaweed from the beach each morning, but never seemed to catch up with the trash pick up - and I blame the tourists visiting. USE THE TRASH CANS PEOPLE!! Yes, I had to get out to get a palapa early in the morning, but I enjoy getting up and watching the sunrise before things get too crowded. We were in our beach chairs by 8:30\/9:00am and stayed all day. Pool was also crowded - Holy week. VERY high surf came in mid-week, and overnight knocked over most of the 1st row of palapas, tipped over all of the ashtray containers on the beach - quite a mess. No one was allowed in the ocean on Thursday due to the rough waves. Saw a woman get knocked over by a wave on Wednesday and she broke either her ankle or her leg - Ernesto (employee) told me she had to go into town and have an operation. Scary. So the high winds and surf eliminated any possibility of parasailing or fishing for 3 days, then it was Good Friday and nothing was operating. Oh well.The older girls went to the disco a few nights during the week and said it was okay. But really, not much to do in the evenings besides bingo\/kids show\/evening show. So we were in bed by 9:30 or so most nights. Breakfast was by far the best meal. Their orange juice is FRESH!! Lunches in the beach restaurant were average, and dinner buffets were typical buffet...average. We never went hungry though.Used the internet a couple of times ($5US for 30 minutes) - not wireless. The kids walked down the beach to the little flea market area and bought a few bracelets\/earrings, etc.Overall, we're glad we went. Hadn't ever been to PC before. Would we go back? No. Not enough to do outside of the resort, i.e. shopping, restaurants, etc. - so it felt a bit confining to us. The Iberostar is a good chain of resorts - well managed and well staffed. ","annotations":[]}