{"text":"Perfect for a long weekend city trip We visited Barcelona at the begining of October, for 4 days.The hotel proved to be a wise choice, since we wanted to visit the city as picture snapping tourists.Location: the neighbourhood is quite safe, enough restaurants and breakfast places (Dino Pan rules, just one street away from the hotel, going to Hospital Clinic). Easy access to Metro (2 stations within 10 minutes walk) and bus in front taking you to the harbour, beach, etc. Also, Aerobus (bus to airport) was around than 10min away from the hotel, if you did not feel like paying 20EUR to get there with a taxi (taxis seem quite cheap in Barcelona - compared to a glas of sangria for example).Hotel: the lobby looks bigger in pictures. The breakfast is too expensive considering the alternatives around the hotel. Otherwise, restaurant very nice (not expensive for main courses), staff very helpful (although their English is sometimes a challenge). The spa (sauna, jacuzzi, fitness) located in the basement were adequate, well maintained and not very busy. If you really want to sweat, you have to tell the reception beforehand to heat up the sauna more than 60degr Celsius. The pool from the second floor is tiny and flanked by other apartment blocks which stare at you while you sunbathe or try to swim....Room: Clean, reasonably large, shampoosco. provided daily. Minibar stocked, but with rather high prices. Our room was a standard double and featured bathtub and shower cabin. Our friends room, called the same, got only bathtub. A thing to consider maybe when checking in. Safe was present. Cleaning staff were very careful, nevertheless spoke nothing else but Spanish (bring your dictionary with you if you have no Latin friends, else you will end up ordering randomly in any restaurant).The neighbourhood of the hotel (about 3 blocks in any direction) is a gay paradise we assumed, since in the evenings, besides tourists (easily to spot), all the rest were paired accordingly and walking on the streets, going to the restaurants, etc.. No freaky stuff going on and no red light district feel or image in the area. Just that it looked to be a little different from this point of view, than other reviews pointed out (some might feel uneasy, especially in pubs or restaurants in the proximity of the hotel)....However, the location again of the hotel is VERY good, providing enough separation from the busy tourist center (worming with pocket thieves) and from the harbour-adjacent neighbourhoods, which are NOT suitable for returning late in the evenings, and yet offering easy access (i.e. either by walking 20 min to Gaudis houses or by using the metro for 20 min to get to Tibidabo Amusement Park) to any of the cities attractions.We would definitely go there again if we visit Barcelona in the future. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":290,"mention":"Pan","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pan-bagnat"],"startOffset":287}]}