{"text":"Nice Resort We stayed at the Caribe Club Princes during April school vacation with our two boys (11 and 15). Overall the resort was very nice. The grounds were beautiful and our VIP suite was comfortable and clean. The VIP suites are conveniently located near the pool with the pool bar and the beach. We tipped the maid service 3\/day which gave us reliable cleaning service. Room service could be improved, we asked for an extra blanket and never received it.The food at the buffet was good with a decent variety, however the adults in our party did experience stomach problems where the Amodian AD we brought came in handy. Make sure you bring your own medicine since in Punta Cana you will pay a lot more for any medicine and trying to find a pharmacy is a challenge. We only tried one of the restaurants since reservations were required and we didn't like to commit to a time, we wanted the flexability of eating when you felt like it. We did try La Cava and got the Broiled lobster which was saltier than we prefer. The water sports were a bit of disappointment for the kids because again you had to make a reservation even if it appeared as though the equiptment was not being used. It's difficult to have a time scheduled for kids only to find the kids are in the middle of a volley ball game once the time arrives. The teenagers wanted to try Parasailing but it wasn't free because they required you to pay for a lesson in advance, also true with wind surfing. The banana boat ride wasn't available unless you had 4 or more people. So overall the free watersports was a challenge to say the least and it was obvious that they were reserving water sports for the paying customers. There is some solicitation on the resort, selling excursions and jewlery and hand-made items which can be annoying at times. Overall the kids still enjoyed themselves. Tip when traveling with older teenagers, the alcohol is a little lax so keep an eye on them. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":40,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":36}]}