{"text":"Best so Far Just came back from a week at the Excellence and thought I would clear a few things up. For the review that said the beach is not included in your stay, not true at all. One small area of the beach is set aside for club members, the other .45 miles are for everyone else. All guests get full bar service and food service at your hut. To the statement don't let your children see the XXX chanel no one under 18 can stay at this hotel. So I guess they won't.With that said, I was very happy with the staff, they are hard working and friendly. The room was as pictured, clean and comfortable. Food was good, not great, not the best I've had but good. Somethings were better than others but I won't bother to list them out. Just talking to other guests reminds me that people have very differant tasts. I'm from New England and thought the lobster was terrible, most people loved it. I'm sure you'll find food you like. If not ask to have it made for you. I didn't get to all 7 restaurants, I missed 2. My longest wait was 20 min. and they gave me a pager.The pools and grounds are excellent. The beach needs some explaining.Great beach for relaxation, plenty of room and good service. If your the type that needs to be in the water alot, book a differant hotel. This hotel is on the Atlantic not the Caribbean Ocean. The water is warm but very rough. People did drown the week before, and yes help is a long ways away. Keep that in mind no matter what you do (horse back, ATV, diving) in Punta Cana.Would I go again? I don't think so. I liked the hotel a lot. I didn't like it's location. I also think the DR and Punta Cana have some work to do. The ride from the airport, the airport it self, trash everywere you look, the venders are way to pushy. Weather was ok but it did rain a few days and almost every night, windy as well.The hotel right now is in a class that doesn't match the location. Most guests will not set foot out side the gates. Time will tell but DR could do a lot better and pull in a lot more people. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":231,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":227}]}