{"text":"A little bit of calm in a bustling city! Stayed at this hotel as part of a family tour of florida. Our family consists of parents and children aged 20, 19 ,16, 16 and 4. We booked directly with the hotel who only took a deposit and then paid the final bill when we wre there. On check in the receptionists verified with us in writing the agreed room rate which was the signed by both parties. We had two rooms with 2 double beds in each. Unfortunately there were no rooms available nect to each other, or even on the same floor, in fact we were 2 floors apart. This was only a minor problem and in fact worked out quite well as one of the rooms we were given was a disabled access room so was significantly larger. The views from both rooms were excellent and the cleanliness of the rooms and the hotel in general was excellent. The bathrooms are very large and have a separate bath and shower cubicle and a large range of molton brown toiletries. Breakfast was average and quite expensive. The breakfast room is also very small meaning there is often a wait. There is a cafe across the road from the hotel which serves food all day and serves breakfast all day (but has a larger selection in the mornings) which is a better option for breakfast if u want more than a bit of fruit and cereal. Across from this there are a couple more restaurants but we didnt get a chance to try any out. The room service is very good quality with a large choice and good service. There is a pool on the roof top with a pool bar and also two tennis courts where rackets and balls can be hired (and they dont seem to get angry when u tell them you have lost all the balls over the side of the building!!) There is also a spa and a gym on the 24th floor, the gym is excellent and very well equipped without being too big and is rarely very busy as it is open 24hours. The hotel itself is in the business district which is not so good if u are looking for shops and nightlife on your doorstep but is excellent if u want a more peacefull retreat within the city. Across the road from the hotel is the station for the sky train which is free and takes u to various popular locations in the city. Be warned however as it can be confusing as it only goes in one direction so if u want to get back to a previous stop u have to sit tight until it has gone around the whole circuit! Whilst in florida we stayed in 5 different hotels and have to say that this is the favourite based on best service, best room, biggest bathroom, and best food. I would definatley recommend it, for business or otherwise. ","annotations":[]}