{"text":"Great location and clean hotel I love the location for this hotel in San Francisco. You do not need to rent a car because you have all the transportation around you needed at all times of the day and night. We also took numerous tours which picked us up in front of the hotel. If you decide to rent a car the rate per night at the hotel w\/tax is approx. $42.00. The Holiday Inn Express is very clean and unusually large and soundproof. The beds should be upgraded because they have seen many years of abuse. We used our points and did not have to pay anything and were put in a mini suite which included a fridge and microwave. The view was of the Wharf from our room but being we were on the run the entire week it was a pleasure to come back and leave from that location. The breakfast could be better and maybe more of it being you have a lot of people from other countries who took advantage of filling bags for dessert - I blame this on all of San Francisco who charge ridiculous prices for all food especially breakfast. I was told Denny's around the corner charged for 3 people an average of $72.00. New York is much cheaper than this City. Also, the homeless are out of control every place you walk in the best of areas they are begging, trying to touch you and sleeping in the streets. In fact they are out of control and make it very uncomfortable because no police and very little security around. They are even outside of the hotels but I felt fine because I had my husband and 15 year old son with me. If I was alone it would not be enjoyable. When you stand on the line for the Trolley Cars they are grabbing on to you and begging. Every park, every landmark, every place there are tons and tons of them even sleeping on the Trolly's before they roll out in the AM. I was interested in taking one of the Trolley's and stepped on the bus because I thought one of them worked for the transit and almost got cornered by 4 of them until my husband came behind me. This City is NOT SAFE for single women. I think they need to stop protecting them and clean up San Francisco because it is a beautiful place to visit. Everyone we met felt the same way in fact one women from England went to the baseball Giant Game the same night we attended and 3 of these homeless men sat next to them and every time they moved the homeless followed them until one fell and split open his chin and was bleeding but refused help and paramedics left the scene. I called them bums and almost got my head chopped off by many of the tour guides that we took trips with. One place we stopped to take a picture I walked with my son ahead of my husband and he felt someone right behind him when he picked up the bag that we were carrying and thought it was me but instead had a homeless right in his face. If people would stop visiting they would have no choice but to do something about it. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1672,"mention":"landmark","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Landmark_London"],"startOffset":1664}]}