{"text":"Loved Puerto Rico but had a brush with death in Rincon!! My husband and I enjoyed our honeymoon by taking a 7 day cruise in the Caribbean followed by spending a week in Puerto Rico. We explored several areas in Puerto Rico and quickly discovered our favorite spots. We looked forward to spending time at The Rincon Beach Resort for one of our night's stay. When we arrived at the resort it looked charming and inviting. The staff greeted us warmly and we felt like things were off to a good start. After checking in we went to our room. It had a partial ocean view and a view of the pool. Not bad so far. After pulling back the covers on the bed, I was horrified to see hundreds of crawling small insects. I am not sure what kind of insect(s) they were. I mentioned it to my husband and he didn't make a fuss and neither of us told the hotel staff. Probably should have. We tried to go forward and both of us were ready to relax after being in a hot car most of the day. We immediately changed and hit the beach!! We swam in the ocean then took a 2 hour stroll on the beach. There were several beautiful flowering plants along the rocky cliffs of the beach and several bees buzzing on the flowers. We noticed that there were also several bees on the sand too. My husband stepped onto a bee and got stung but was alright. I didn't get stung by any bees. But later something crazy happened!! After taking a stroll on the beach the sun was starting to set and we decided to get into the hotel hot tub. It felt wonderful. Afterwards we headed up to our room, showered and prepared for dinner at the hotel restaurant. While I was getting ready and dressed, I felt nauseous and dizzy and was contemplating telling my husband I couldn't make it to dinner. But I didn't want to spoil the beautiful evening so I kept getting ready. We both went to dinner and 10 minutes after we sat down I blacked out for about 15 seconds then I couldn't br eathe. I didn't even have a chance to eat anything yet. The food looked like it would have been delicious!! I told my husband and the waiter that something was wrong with me. My condition got worse and an ambulance was called. A gentleman of the wait staff comforted me while my husband ran to our room to try and find one of my benadryl capsules. The ambulance took forever and my heart was pounding and my body had tremors all over. I felt like I was dying. My husband and the gentleman decided to rush me to the hospital because the ambulance was nowhere in sight. We arrived at the emergency entrance and I fainted into my husbands arms. I was admitted to the emergency room and the doctor said I almost died. They didn't know what caused the episode but pumped me full of liquid benedryl, etc. Our entire stay in Puerto Rico was great until we got to Rincon. What caused this left us both baffled. Could it have been something at the hotel? The hot tub? Ocean? Beach? I am very hesitant to go back to that particular locale but I still enjoy Puerto Rico. Overall we had a nice time. Thank God I didn't die on our honeymoon. Just be careful and pack that epipen or benadryl. Wear shoes if at all possible on the beaches as well. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3014,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3010}]}