{"text":"An Amazing Hotel, But..... The George V is a spectacular hotel. The lobby is filled with amazing floral displays; the rooms are lovely, spacious and kept immaculately clean; and the staff is very friendly. All in all, our 4 nights at this hotel were wonderful. There were, however, some strange inconsistencies with the service which, although not horrible, did detract from an otherwise fabulous experience. For example, when I booked our reservation for 2 rooms, I asked for rooms which were either connecting or close to eachother. Upon check-in, I was told that only one room was ready and that we should check back later for our other room. An hour later, we received a message from the front desk advising that there was a second room ready three floors below or we could wait for a room on our floor. We elected to wait. I requested to see the other room, which was lovely, but not that close to our other room. Although at 3:00 p.m. were were told that the second room would be ready shortly, it took until close to 6:00 p.m. (with a number of calls by me) before we actually received the key to the second room. Even when the key was brought, no one seemed concerned by or apologetic for the delay.Also, I had requested information from the concierge regarding a restaurant (Laserre). I was told that the information would be sent to my room, but I never received anything from the concierge.Three out of four mornings our breakfast (which was included as part of the American Express Fine Hotels Program) at Le Cinq was fantastic. The last morning, it seemed like someone lost our order, as the three of us all received our meals at different times and we waited an exceptionally long time for my husband to finally receive a waffle.Despite these odd glitches, I still found the overall experience to be excellent and I would definitely return to this hotel. Yes, it is expensive, but the view of the Eiffel Tower that we had from our room was priceless. I also give high praise to the spa- I had wonderful facial- another American Express Fine Hotel amenity. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1742,"mention":"waffle","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Waffle"],"startOffset":1736}]}