{"text":"Very disappointed I just returned from a three-day stay at the Sofitel New York. I've tried to stay there several times because it has often ranked Number 1 at TripAdvisor. It was always booked when I tried, and I was therefore thrilled that I was finally getting to stay there.However, now that I have, I wonder why hotel guests rank it as highly as they do. I travel all over the world, stay in 4 and 5 star properties wherever I go, including Sofitels in London and Rome. The Sofitel New York does not live up at all to the standards at these hotels.Let's talk about the service -- or shall I say, the lack of customer service. When my husband and I walked in, I walked over to the front desk, and greeted the guest service agent with a big smile, and said: Hello, how are you today?The man didn't lift his eyes to even look at me, and said. I'm fine, thank you. Never bothered to ask me how I was -- or indeed greet me at all.I had negotiated a rate that included breakfast, but the agent said there was nothing on my file about that. He made no attempt to look into it, and relied entirely on me to find the documentation to prove it. That took some time to resolve, but finally it was and we received the breakfast coupons.The room itself was not at all impressive. We were two people staying in a king room. Most people travelling alone do not need a king bed, so one would think that king rooms would have sufficient drawers and hanging space to allow two people to unpack their suitcases. Not so in this room. The hanging portion of the closest was about a foot wide, with an iron and ironing board crammed in there as well. I had to remove them to make room the clothing we had brought for our 3-day stay, which included evening attire, day clothes, and business suits.The bed had only a comforter, with no single sheet between the duvet and the fitted sheet. That meant that, if we found the comforter too warm, which we did, we had nothing to cover ourselves with.The view we had outside our window was obstructed by buildings, making the room very dark. The floor lamps did not have bright enough bulbs to give ample light for reading.The Panasonic TV was an old model, not one of the flat-screen kinds I've seen in most hotel rooms I've stayed in elsewhere recently.There was only one bathrobe in this king room, which disappeared on two day, never to be seen again.The doors to the bathroom open outward into the closet area, requiring guests to remember to close one set before opening another. Not a well-thought out design.The best part of our stay there were two Albanian servers in the hotel restaurant. They brought a friendliness and eagerness to the hotel that was lacking in all the front desk agents.All in all, this was a disappointing stay. I will not likely return to the Sofitel New York, and would not recommend it, given its high cost and lacklustre service and ordinary accommodations, well below any 5-star hotel I've stayed in. ","annotations":[]}