{"text":"Excellent Modern Hotel As a number of other reviewers have commented this is a very modern style hotel. The lobby area feels a little cold and was generally devoid of guests. The bedrooms are excellent with ample room, substantial closet space and expansive work desk with free broadband Internet acess. As noted by others the bathroom was well fitted with a walk-in shower plus a tub with full shower; excellent water pressure and hot water. The front-desk staff were excellent, on check-in they didn't have my reservation (made directly on their Web site) but it took two minutes and everything was fine. We had planned on staying a total of six nights but after the first night we had to return home due to sickness, the desk agent was extremely solicitous and handled our check-out with no fuss or muss. The bar and restaurant are small and appear almost an afterthought, and the night we were there poorly patronized. We were the only people in the dining room the whole evening. The food while not particularly adventurous was good and not unreasonably priced (the breakfast at Euro14 seemed high and so we intended skipping that). With the outstanding bedroom facilities but limited bar\/restaurant It struck me as more of a business hotel than a tourist hotel; I'd be curious as to the original demographic target.We thought the location was pretty good, a little of the main track but a 15 to 20 minute walk to PlaËé?a de Catalunya and the start of La Rambla or a five minute walk to Arc de Triomf and the Metro stop. Slightly tangential but my advice is to not take the train from the airport and then Metro, but take the Aeroporta express but to PlaËé?a de Catalunya and then either walk or take a taxi to the hotel. Barcelona's Metro is the most unfriendly system I have encountered in a long time. To get from Barcelona-Sants Train Station to Arc de Triomf by Metro is a nightmare, endless stairs up and down (which with luggage is hard work), no escalator (actually just one), endless walks through subterranean tunnels and poor signage. There is supposedly a city train connecting Barcelona-Sants and Arc de Triomf but we couldn't find it and no one we asked was able to help; we must have phrased the question poorly I think.Overall I would rate the hotel exceptional value for money. ","annotations":[]}