{"text":"Equivocal: OK and nothing particularly wrong, but overpriced for what you get I stayed at this hotel because the YMCA has a reputation for running good hotels, and also because of its location: it's overlooking the harbour and is only about 5 minutes walk from one of the Star Ferry terminals (the one at Wan Chai, where you can catch the ferry across to Kowloon side) and about the same distance from a lively area with nightclubs, girlie bars, convenience stores, and great places to grab a quick Asian take-away, or catch the MTR (subway). It's quite a good location from which to travel around Hong Kong because of its proximity to the ferry, MTR and major bus routes, and this is the main advantage of this hotel. That said, it's not in the centre of things: if you want that it's probably better to head for the Kowloon side (Nathan Road area: Tsim Sha Tsui to Mong Kok) or Central if you want to stay on the Hong Kong Island side.I paid for a 'view room' overlooking the harbour and felt ripped off. I certainly wouldn't pay for this view again -- the view was angled so I was really looking at a neighbouring building covered in bamboo scaffolding unless I made an effort to go right up to the window and look the other way. Even then, it was a partial view and not of a particularly beautiful part of the harbour. Next time I'd save my money and just take a walk along the harbour foreshore at Tsim Sha Tsui instead: the view of the harbour is much nicer from the Kowloon side anyway.For visiting business people or those attending the convention centre (diagonally across the road), the location is likely to be better than for tourists. For tourists, there are more convenient locations but this is OK.The hotel was clean and the staff were professional, though the standard of their English was sometimes surprisingly poor considering how many HK people speak great English. When I stayed the floors directly above and below were being renovated, so hammering began in the relatively early morning and didn't stop till evening. It even continued on the weekend. This may be necessary to renovate the hotel, but isn't really acceptable from a guest's point-of-view: I think they should have charged less in light of this, or at least have given advanced warning at the time I booked. I asked about changing rooms but was told there were none available.The room I stayed in was renovated. It was small but comfortable. Given the choice between an unrenovated and renovated room, I would pay the extra for one of the newer rooms (but check first that you won't have people hammering away when you're trying to sleep -- very annoying).CONCLUSION:HK is an expensive place to stay but I felt this hotel is somewhat overpriced for what you get in comparison to other HK establishments. If you don't mind this, it's a reasonable location and a clean, safe place from which to base your explorations of HK. It wouldn't be my first choice of place to stay next time I'm in HK, but it's not a bad place. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":313,"mention":"Chai","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Masala_chai"],"startOffset":309},{"endOffset":313,"mention":"Chai","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Masala_chai"],"startOffset":309}]}