{"text":"Honeymoon bliss We were there from November 4 through November 10 for our honeymoon. Based on past reviews, we decided to upgrade to Royal Service, which really made the trip for us. It was an additional $70 per person per day. We ended up with a private restaurant, pool, and beach area. Ourroom was huge and even had a jacuzzi, we also had a pillow menu and they would deliver them each night. One night we had the butler come in and he drew a bath for us. We also had our own transportation to and from the beach and didn't have to wait for the train. The staff was really friendly and accommodating, we loved the golf cart driver who took us to the beach each day. The Royal Service office staff arranged our all of our reservations and we also had massages at the spa on a rainy day. We never made it to the golf or tennis courses, but they looked nice and well maintained. The atmosphere was relaxing and there were candles and incense everywhere. Our only major complaint was the food. Our private restaurant (Gaby) had a nice buffet for lunch and breakfast, but the other restaurants had food that was somewhat bland (high volume assembly-line style) anddidn't seem fresh. We enjoyed the Dominican restaurant the best and found the seafood place (Capri) to be the worst... the seafood was probably frozen and not fresh. The Japanese place was okay and the French wasn't as impressive as we had expected. We ordered room service for breakfast one morning, but it wasn't as good as the buffet. I also didn't enjoy their house wines and ended up drinking mojitos instead, which were really good. The liquors they had as part of the Royal Service were good and we would stop by the little bar each night before going out to dinner. I would recommend this place ifyou just want to take it easy, lay on the beach, eat and relax. We would definitely consider going back. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1033,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1029}]}