{"text":"Disappointed I stayed at this hotel last week, and was disappointed. My husband and I upgraded to the resorts Royal Service to ensure a better stay, however, the concept of the service is good, but the staff seems unable to actually provide the services. When we arrived off the bus from the airport not one person greeted us or directed us where to check in. After asking 3-4 people where royal service check in was we were taken the back alley way to the VIP section, when we later learned it was a short walk to the lounge. Next, our private check in was very brief, and we were sent to a room that was not ready. I was not happy with this,and asked for another room, which we received. When we arrived to our 2nd room it was also not ready after being told it was. We complained to a manager that we were unsatisfied, and our first impression of is resort was poor. We received a simple apology. After traveling all day we were hungry, and wanted room service (which was also a VIP service).We had no room service menu, and made 3 phone calls to get a menu, and still we did not receive it until the next day. We also had planned to play two round s of golf, but could only play one b\/c the concierge couldn't get a hold of the golf club.Also, every evening we were to receive turn down service (new towels, turn down the bed) we did not receive this service until we called and asked why we weren't receiving it. We also were told that the VIP restraunt had a la carte breakfast, lunch, and dinner. That was a lie. The resort is a la carte dinner only.. The lunch buffets were horrible, by that last day my husband and I were both sick. Dinners were good and the service was a little better there. This resort is pretty big and the landscaping is kept nice. The beach and pools are also nice. On our way home we ran into a few more couples who experienced the same issues, and some worse. All in all the price was nice, but I've been to other all inclusives and would rather pay a little more to ensure good food, and service. ","annotations":[]}