{"text":"Great Resort! My husband and I just returned from the Punta Cana Princess on Sunday, June 3rd. We traveled with 6 of our friends. Our experience was great! I feel I can say that for our entire group. We traveled from America. I must say, that we were some of the few Americans at this resort. That was interesting to say the least. We met several people from different countries. The diversity was great! We had not problems with immigration going into and leaving the Dominican. Once we arrived at the resort, the staff was very helpful. All of our rooms were spacious, very clean and stocked with a great mini bar. We took the advice from other reviews and tipped the maids each day. They always left us extra bottled water and drinks in our rooms. The food at the buffet was okay. Our group tends to like more spice and we found in this country, more sweet spices are used or none at all. But, we always found enough to eat! We ate at the Caribe twice. Our group upgraded to VIP. I strongly recommend this. You get the perks of the beds at the beach and the pool. I usually took our towels down to the beach around 7:00 am to save 2 to 3 beds and 8 lounge chairs. We never had a problem with enough space. The beach is large and very beautiful. Unlike another all-inclusive resort that my husband and I visited, at the Princess you could walk for miles up and down the shoreline. The sand was white and baby soft. The weather was great. Only one hard rain storm and a couple of afternoon showers. We took advantgage of our VIP motor sport package by taking a speed boat up the coast toward Dolphin Island. The driver stopped beside a Rum-Runner boat which was cruising the coast. Two words: BUBBA-KEG! Those in the know, will know what I mean! Overall, our experience was great. The one thing that was hard to adjust to was the topless beach. As Americans, we are not used to that. However, after the first day, it was not a big deal. I know the guys enjoyed it! We are all ready to go back. Definitely a world class resort. As many reviews here have said, your vacation is what you make of it. We certaintly made ours FUN! Oh, please say HI to Carlos if you visit the resort. He made the week alot of fun! THE LEGEND LIVES! ","annotations":[]}