{"text":"You Get What You Pay For Just got back last night. I did read all reviews before I went to BP and I had very low expectations. We were pleasantly surprised in some instances, though. First... I cannot stress enough how absolutely beautiful Punta Cana is. The beaches are the nicest I've seen and I travel extensively and have been specifically to Maui 3 times. Every tropical picture you've ever imagined you will find here. At B.P., it's the same way.I will preface the rest by saying this: in any disappointment we had on our trip regarding the resort (all but one instance) it was very obvious to me the staff was trying very hard to make us happy. However, please do not underestimate :The language barrier is a significant problem. I speak some spanish and had a difficult time understanding them and vice versa. This was specifically a problem on our last day when the adjoining room was being worked in and workers were spraying an acrylic lacquer into the tub. The strength of the odor is the equivalent of sniffing a wash rag soaked in ammonia. It was horrific. I tried to communicate with the front desk about the absurdity of this working being done and not be expected to effect other travelers and it was completely lost on them. I became high on the fumes and extremely sick. Their offer was well, we can change your room??. My point is this: it was totally lost on them that we had to be in that room while we packed all of our belongings while our throats were burning and we could not breathe. We were also literally going to be in our new room for 10 hours before departing. It was totally ridiculous. When I went to guest services, our liason if there is a problem, I told her the whole story and she asked me if i needed housekeeping AAARRRRGGGHHHHH!!!! You would not believe how long it took me to get the name of the manager of the hotel. I plan on contacting this person regarding the above.Food is below average, period. Stick with the buffet, you'll have far better luck finding something you can acutally eat. The service in the reservation only restaurants is ridiculous. Servers speak extremely broken english and half the time our food was not even what we ordered.Rooms are outdated and musty. DO NOT upgrade to platinum to get a spot near the beach, they'll just give you a place near the beach if you ask. Our last room that we stayed in one night was awesome... room 025. It appeared to be slightly newer than building than previous room (355) and was quiet and did not stink. When we arrived in our first room, the phone did not work and neither did the a\/c. I had to get on the tram and ride 10 minutes back to the lobby for them to tell me they'd send someone to fix phone and spray something in our room.This resort is in a beautiful location, but the best thing I can say about it other than that is that it's really cheap. You do get what you pay for here (except for the view which is work a million bucks, easily).Good luck!! ","annotations":[]}