{"text":"An Amazing Place Before I left for my trip I read dozens of reviews of Dreams written here. While most reviews were very positive I have come to the realization that some people are chronic complainers and are not happy unless they are miserable and complaining about something. Who cares if there is no internet in the rooms or you see a bug outside? You are on vacation relax and have a good time! That being said the resort was amazing and I have ZERO complaints. The Resort: The grounds are beautiful. The pool is excellent. The beach is clean and wonderful. The bars have top shelf liquor and there are so many things to do, water sports, dance lessons, pool games, etc. The rooms are good but who really cares because you don't go on vacation to sit in you room right? Don't bother upgrading to the Honeymoon Suite for an extra $100 a night. It isn't really worth it unless you plan on not going to the beach or pool and sitting in your room all day. Hey I can sit in my room all day back in cold New York. Food: The French place was excellent as was the Seafood and the Asian Restaurants. The Italian was pretty bad, I wouldn't suggest it. I didn't get a chance to go to the Seaside Grill or El Patio for dinner but I heard they were good. World Cafe (The buffet) was ok but keep in mind it is mass produced buffet food. Not great but not bad either. I wouldn't go there for dinner. Hit it up for lunch and breakfast but go to the Ala Carte restaurants for dinner. Drinks: The bars all have top shelf liquor, good Dominican beer and fast service. You order a drink and the bartender will remember you and hook you up the second you come back. Our favorite bar was on the one right in the lobby. Get to know they bartenders, they are all cool guys\/girls. We suggest you try the drink called the Dirty Monkey. It is so good. Wait Staff: They were all excellent. They went out of their way to make sure to are happy. Always with a smile on their face and they alway remember who you are. They work very hard. I wish I remembered everyones name but some guys we loved were Nunez (who looks like Arod's twin brother), Manuel and Enrique. Tips: Tipping is not required but when you see how hard they work and how nice they are you will tip. We tipped everyone. They deserved it and it really doesn't feel like that are working just for tips. They really want to make you happy. This includes the luggage guys, front desk, maids, even the guys cleaning the grounds, everyone is so friendly. Excursions: Our tour company leader from Prieto Tours, Cesar was great and gave us some good insider information. We went to the Caribbean Festival which we suggest. I heard Catalina Island was not that good and the Cave one was very good. Entertainment: I saved the best for last. The entertainment was amazing. Daily shows in the theater, pool games and parties, beach games and parties. The dance staff is very talented and are fun to watch. The other entertainment guys Melkis, 50 Cent, Usher, Julio, Joseph and the rest were funny and fun to hang with. Joseph is one of the nicest guys I have ever met. He always came over to talk to me and make sure I was having a good time. Good times. When I left they all gave me hugs and I really felt like I was leaving my friends behind. Every night after the show they give a Meringue or Bahchata lesson then they go to the disco to hang out and dance with everyone. It was so fun when they were in there. They staff was by far the highlight of the resort. So to sum it up the place was amazing, with a reasonable price, lots of fun and well worth going to. I would go back in a heartbeat.Once again I don't know how anyone could have any complaints ","annotations":[{"endOffset":454,"mention":"ZERO","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola_Zero"],"startOffset":450},{"endOffset":3322,"mention":"Meringue","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Meringue"],"startOffset":3314}]}