{"text":"Awesome first experience in Paris Let me start by saying that this was my wife and I's first trip to Paris, so I have no perspective on what other hotels are like and my compete basis of comparison for making this reservation was TripAdvisor.The location is awesome, because it is on the Champs Elysees, but also because it is right across from a Metro, which we learned will take you anywhere. The areas around the hotel were great for finding great shopping, cafes and an afternoon bottle of wine.We stayed a week in late September in room 309, a Jr. Suite located on the 4th floor. We did not have a view of the Arch but knew that and preferred the Jr. Suite. I must admit that our first impression of the Jr. Suite was disappointing as it did not look as grand as the picture on the web site, but we soon got used to it and were very very happy with our choice. It was a bit expensive, but I'm guessing that is just Paris.The bathrooms appear to be reasonably new and are very well appointed. I was pleasantly surprised just how well done they were. We asked that the twin beds be converted to a king which they took care of for us. The appointments are minimal but very efficient. We had two very grand windows, one in each room, that opened up onto the street. Our view, while not of the ADT, was of a normal Paris street, and we found it very nice. The adjacent room was small but also very efficent and included a TV, mini bar and small table. All better than we expected.The in room internet sucked but they have a free internet station downstairs that was almost always available and it worked great.We did not request the breakfast package and did not use the bar, so I dont have any thoughts on those.The strength of the Hotel Splendid is the staff. They are remarkable. Some of the nicest people I have ever encountered in a hotel. We have traveled extensively and I would match them up against anyplace we have stayed. The front desk staff made you feel at home every time you entered the hotel. They helped us with everything from how to ask for something in French to how to request a refund of the VAT tax on purchased items. They were always friendly and helpfull. I would recommend this place to anyone. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1747,"mention":"Hotel Splendid","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hotel_Splendid"],"startOffset":1733}]}