{"text":"So So... My boyfriend and I stayed at the Gran Bahia Punta Cana on the Punta Cana side from August 5th-12th. We had a fantastic time. However, we did have a small incident during our stay there.PROS:Check in: They made us check in on the bus to the the hotel. By the time we got off the bus, they offered us a cocktail and took us straight to our villa. I was shocked to see a tiny bell boy carry two suitcases of about 40lbs each and and a carry-on up to the 2nd floor on his own. Very impressive.Food: We made our reservations on the morning after we got there. We were in the golden club so we had four A La Carte reservations. The mediterranean, the mexican, the italian and the the gourmet. I absolutely loved all four of them, however the mexican was my favourite considering we had fantastic service. (not that the other restaurants had bad service) The Buffet was also great. Food is different every night and the breakfast is fantastic. I loved the fact that there was a chef making eggs however you wanted them.Staff: Very friendly, anyone who walks by you will say hola and smile at you. If you have a problem, they will try their best to help you.Bavaro Runners: THIS IS A MUST!!! it was definately the highlight of our trip. you really get to know people from your (and other) resorts. we had a fantastic time on this trip. well worth the 80$many people on this site also comented about getting diarreah. this frightened me a little so i went prepared with 3 different types of diarreah medications. my boyfriend nor i had any problems with that. i didnt even brush my teeth with bottled water and i was perfectly fine. i think as long as you dont drink a gallon of water from the tap you should be fine.. p.s. the water and ice cubes they serve you in the pitchers at the restaurants is filtered water so you have nothing to worry aboutBeach: Gorgeous beach. People have stated that there isnt enough space under the palapas by 9am. my boyfriend and i got to the beach at around 11 every morning and we just walked 2 mins down the beach and we found space under a palapa every time.CONS:During our stay at the Gran Bahia Principe we did have an incident which i was not too pleased about. Everything went fine the whole time we were there... until the day before we left. we had gone to the beach and got back in the afternoon to rest only to notice that my earings had been broken by someone who entered our room while we were gone, even though the do not disturb sign was on our door knob. we went to file a report about it and obviously the maid denied it. they compensated us by giving us two tshirts and a bottle of rum which we were supposed to get upon our arrival to our room anyway, considering we were golden members. By reading other peoples reviews on the site, i have noticed that there had been quite a few incidents similar to mine with the staff there.also, we had to pay for the safe. i have been to other resorts and this is the only one where we had to pay for the safe. Its not the money so much, just the hassle of having to go to the main desk, sit down with a staff member.... it should just be included in the price like at other resorts.Nudity: i dont know if this is actually a con.. but for me, coming from america, i am not accustomed to nudity in public. i saw middle aged women doing fitness aerobics on the beach topless. that is not my idea of a relaxing day...ADVICE:well first off... next time i go on vacation i will put EVERYTHING of value in the safe at all times, even if you have to squeeze everything in. Dont take the chance. The staff will not (or rarely) replace or give you money for the items lost\/stolen\/broken. and if they do, it will certainly not be of equal monetary value.also, WEAR SUNSCREEN. the sun there is not the same like in other parts of the world. it is MUCH stronger.... atleast wear FPS 40. trust me you will thank us later!relax and enjoy! (and dont forget ur sunscreen) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":590,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":586}]}