{"text":"Not so Honeymoon!! Where to start ..... When we arrived and self parked the car no one was on hand to help with off loading luggage. When checking in the front desk was very nice, but did not even tell us there was a bell hop service or even offered to get someone to help us with our bags. We had to trek them all across the resort and down the tram to marina where we were staying, and this is no small walk at all. When we get to our room the carpet is coming up and there is was a clothes iron mark in the carpet. We called them and asked to change rooms, and talked about sending a bell hop this time. After about a half hour wait the bell hop change us to another room, which was just as dirty as the one we had just left. Then again..... we changed rooms. The next one that we stayed at air conditioning was constantly making a LOUD ticking noise. So after the 4th move to the upper part of the resort and into a smaller room we finally gave up and stayed there. They only had one tram working the entire time we were there and made it a packed ride getting up and down to the marina to get to the beach. At one point both trams were down and we had to get a shuttle back around to the hotel. We rented a car from the hotel and drove to the resort. You have to pay $15 a day for parking and then there is this older van that shuttles you to and from the resort. The seats in the van are ripped and coming apart and the door is held on by a nylon rope that you have to pull to close. The gentleman who drove the van was great and enjoyed talking to him. There constantly adding on the size of this resort, and it shows that they already have too much to take care of. The resort is beautiful and there is all most more stuff to see there then on the island. Palamino Island was great .... loved the beach! Food was great .... never had a bad meal. Casino was a great place to play at in the evenings. Would I stay at this resort again .... more then likely not. They we're not very helpful when it came to the up keep of the rooms and the first night of our Honeymoon was ruined by having to swtich to 4 different rooms. I normally don't trust these comments on here, but this time I should have listened to what everyone had to say ..... ","annotations":[]}