{"text":"Disaster, incompetence! My husband and I stayed at thishotel from August 28 to September 3, 2007 and during our 6 night stay, we had to change our room a total of 3 times! When we arrived on the first day, there was a mini fridge in our room that was operating but the a\/c in our room was not working. It was about 33 degrees at the time. We went to reception to inform them that there was no a\/c in our room and it seemed that they were well aware there was no a\/c and offered us the use of a small table fan for now as there were no other rooms available at the moment. As we had no other alternative, we accepted the use of the small fan and opened our window and suffered through the heat and noise of the street for that night. The next day, we were moved to another room - with operational a\/c and a mini fridge. When we arrived at this room, the a\/c was working - but the mini fridge was not so we could not keep any water or anything cold - and boy was it warm. Again, we went back to the reception to report the fridge not working and a male receptionist told us very firmly that we were expecting too much from a hotel which is only rated as a 2-star hotel. Now we were really ticked off and I demanded to speak to the hotel manager once again. Upon speaking to the hotel manager, I told him that if he could not provide us with the service that we have paid for, then please send us to an alternate hotel - where we will receive the services that we have paid for and we are expecting. He said he would see what he could do by tomorrow morning. The next day, yet again we were given our third room - on the top floor of the hotel, the 5th floor - where everything was working o.k. until our last night's stay. When we arrived back at the hotel in the evening from sightseeing during the day, we were told by a female receptionist that we have had some problems with the elevator today and I am sorry but you will have to walk upstairs to your room and I am not sure if the elevator will even be working by tomorrow. She continued on by saying that we even had to call the fire department. Now we were wondering what really took place here while we were away from the hotel all day and walking up a total of approximately 102 steps was not our idea of fun after walking for many hours already. Once we went up to our room and turned on the faucet in the bathroom, we noticed that the water must have been shut off for a time as the water coming out of the faucet was flowing irregularly as if it had been shut off for a time. We went for dinner and came back to our room and now noticed that the mini fridge in our room was no longer working and through the night, the a\/c also stopped working as well. The next morning, we walked down the several flights of stairs to the basement to have breakfast and we noticed that there were only a few people in the breakfast room. Of course, not many people would enjoy walking up and down over 100 steps. However, as it was our last day, we thought we would have breakfast and get our things ready and check out. There was now an OUT OF ORDER sign on the elevators and we asked the receptionist if there was someone that could help us with our luggage from the 5th floor. We were told that there was only 1 guy available as everyone else is in the basement cleaning up the mess as a water pipe had burst. Now we knew why our water was running intermittent the previous day. The photos on the internet do not do this hotel justice and I would not recommend staying at this hotel for anymore that a day. You just never know what will happen next and living like this - on your vacation - is extremely unpleasant. It was no use taking your things out of the suitcase as every other day we changed rooms. Choose another hotel! ","annotations":[]}