{"text":"We'll return to the Chesterfield! My husband and I enjoyed a four night stay at the Chesterfield Mayfair in the middle of September, and we would love to return. I have stayed in many wonderful properties in London, and always prefer to stay in Mayfair whenever possible. The Chesterfield is a superlative combination of location, service, and value. When we arrived at the hotel (in the car that the concierge had arranged to pick us up from the airport--an unusual splurge for us), we were met by a very gracious staff. Our room was upgraded to a theme room, and as many other reviewers have mentioned, the theme rooms have a great deal of quirks and character. We were in The Library, which is fitted out like a lovely old reading room lined with books on one wall--lots of dark paneling and appropriate accessories. While the room was a bit smaller than some London hotel rooms in which I have stayed, it had ample storage. The bathroom was wonderful (clean and spacious), and the shower was a delight! From check-in to our departure, the cleaning and turn-down service was top-notch, and indeed all of the hotel staff was always pleasant and efficient. I would echo the comments about the restaurant--wonderful food and considerate service. One evening we ordered the pre-theatre 3 course meal, and were too full to eat dessert. They actually allowed us to come back and have our dessert after we had been to the theatre, which was a very gracious touch!Another great thing about the Chesterfield Mayfair is the location. It is just around the corner from Shepherd's Market, which is a haven of sandwich shops and restaurants that are reasonably priced by London standards. There are many places close-by to grab an inexpensive breakfast if you do not have a breakfast option with your room (from full breakfast to a continental at Caffe Nero), and there are quite a few places for snacks and refreshments. From the Chesterfield Mayfair it is a short walk to Piccadilly for the theatre or Regent's Street shopping, and just minutes to the Green Park tube. Perhaps my only complaint with the Chesterfield Mayfair was the very high cost of internet access, but I suspect that is going to be true of London hotels in general these days. All of the options for connection were terribly expensive, and priced by either 15 minute or 1-hour increments (15 minutes was 3 pounds, I believe--on their computer; 1 hour was 12.99 for broadband connection in the room). I thought that I had read about wifi being available in the lobby and public areas of the hotel, but when I asked about this, I was told that I had to pay for the security key as per above. Ultimately we were able to work through this little obstacle, and will know what to expect next time we take our laptop to London. In summary, we heartily recommend the Chesterfield Mayfair, and look forward to our return visit. However, I hope that enough other folks decide that they want to stay somewhere else when it is our turn to go back so that we can get a room! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1005,"mention":"delight","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Turkish_delight","http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Angel_Delight"],"startOffset":998}]}