{"text":"A Fantastic Holiday I did some research before visiting this resort, but i figured i would try it out myself before taking the opinions of others. I wasnt able to understand the negative feedback given to this high star rated resort offering countless ammenities and great entertainment to all its tourists, to say the least I had a fabulous vacation!We flew out of toronto on june 20 so you can only imagine the weather we were about to be in down south, very hottt! our arrival to punta cana was good the line up to go through customes was a little bit long at the Punta Cana airport but it went by quickly enough as they had girls dressed up in dresses taking there picture with you and greeting you amongst your arrival. we got out bags and headed out of the airport found our bus and were on our way to the resort, lets just say the drivers down there well i dont know if they actually obey the speed limit because according to our tour rep our resort was an hour from the airport and we made it to our hotel in about 30 minutes! not bad . we were immedietly greeted amongst our arrival at Grand Paradise and were offered some alcoholic beverages, yumm! check in was easy we had to wait about half an hour for our rooms but gave us a chance to check out the resort before we went and got our swim suits on! I was absolutly speechless, i had visited punta cana already but the beach and sand just takes your breath away. They had numerous pools too accomodate those who were not huge fans of the ocean and salt water. My friend and I ate at the buffet just about every night and our parents usually went to the restaurants (with reservations) which were usually booked a couple nights in advance, when people complain about not getting reservations..well what can you expect when you have hundreds of people arriving at the resort on a daily basis!The entertainment was amazing we are 20 and had a great time at the crazy moon disco which was set right on the resort right near the main lobby, we also went to the beach bar at night and had countless drinks until the sun came up! they put on great shows for the young kids and adults, which generally put a smile on all the tourists faces. We got involved in the beach dance lessons sometimes and busted our moves on stage at night, it was a time to rememberthe worst part of my holiday was packing my bags and leaving, so seriously take my review into consideration, nothing is perfect you pay for what you get and let me tell you we got a lot more then what we paid for this holiday, I myself and my family and friends were very impressed! thank the wonderful staff at this resort for providing us with a perfect getaway, which highly exceeded all of our expectations! ","annotations":[]}