{"text":"Good base for operations Myself and my boss stayed at the Hotel Mark Twain for a week between 14th - 20th December. We were attending the fall AGU conference being held in San Francisco at the Moscone center. The hotel itself is about 5\/10 minutes walk from the Moscone center (depending on your walking speed) so it was in a pretty good location.It was booked through the travel office at work so we had no idea what the hotel itself was going to be like so I came on trip advisor and got a bit worried about the reviews talking about the area it was in. When we got there though it wasn't nearly as bad as has been made out, there were homeless people about but I encountered them more down near Market Street (and just past the Hilton which is on the corner!) so I think to mention them for a specific hotel is wrong, every hotel in the area has the same thing.The hotel itself is pleasant enough, the lobby was nicely presented and the food at the Fish and Farm (I forget the name) was really, really nice.Room wise I can't complain about the size because I was in a double room by myself so I had two double beds to choose from.The windows weren't that bad but I went when it was cold and wet and so I had no inclination to open them (especially since the view was of the inner quadrant of the building!) but the one thing I must mention is the radiators.They are the old victorian style radiators (considering the hotel is styled around then this is no surprise) which means that when the heating is on they are LOUD! There doesn't appear to be any way to fully turn them off either as even when I turned the knob fully off there was still noises coming from it. That said most of the time it is faint background noise rather than anything you really notice.The lift is rather small but it does it's job so that's all that's important as far as I am concerned. Shower in the bath was nice and strong and the towels etc... were all decent quality. So overall it was a good hotel for me simply because it was only ever going to be a base of operations with not that much time spent there apart from sleeping. Frankly that is what this sort of hotel is aimed for and it does it's job well. ","annotations":[]}