{"text":"Never again After our stay at the Riu Taino we will never again stay at another Riu Resort. The staff was not, and has not been accommodating or helpful. I have been trying to contact someone from there since I got home and have yet to hear back. I will try to break it down for you: We booked a deep sea fishing excursion with Scuba Caribe (this is the company that works with all Riu Resorts to provide their guests with different excursions), they left us standing in a parking lot for over an hour and a half. We got there at 7:15 am and finally managed to get some help from someone at 8:30am after a gentleman from a different excursion company insisted he help us. We obviously didn't go on our trip. The first guy started off by saying we were in the wrong place. We were not, so then he tried to tell us that we missed it. We didn't, we got there 15 minutes before the bus was supposed to be there. Then he told us the truck was broken, so I guess Scuba Caribe has only 1 vehicle. When we tried to get our money back they told us we would have to come back at 11am because they had none. When we went back we ran into the same thing. Another guy tried to say that he was there and where were we, and they went fishing, blah, blah, blah (lies). Well if that were true then that guy should've still been in the middle of the ocean since the 7:30am trip isn't supposed to return until noon. So after we called him on that they tried many more lies. By this time we were very frustrated and had enough, we had to get rude and demand our money back. After considerable bull we got it. Afterwards we found the guy we booked it with, and we were able to get out of him the real reason: We were the only 2 that had booked for the morning excursion and that was not worth their while so they didn't go. Keep in mind they had our names, hotel, room number etc, and they still didn't let us know. We got up at 6:30am and sat in a parking lot for over an hour and a half, and then had to argue to get our money back. Had we not been assertive we wouldn't have gotten our money back, they would have it. At the end of all this not once did anyone say, Sorry, no apology whatsoever. As far as the rest of the hotel??? The rooms are bad. The beds even worse, you might as well sleep on the floor, or bring a beach lounger in the room because that's more comfortable then the bed itself. The hotel has many different restaurants all right but they all serve the same thing, day in and day out. If you plan on purchasing cigars you might want to read up on them. We know our cigars and went to several different shops at the resort and each time they tried to sell us knockoffs for the price of the real thing. Of course when we called them on this they would laugh it off and proceed to show us the real thing. The only thing I cannot complain about is the beach, and thank goodness there are beaches like this elsewhere in the world.We have been all over and never have we encountered so many people who are willing, ready, and trying (hard) to rip you off. ","annotations":[]}