{"text":"expensive but worth it Although we've stayed here 3 years ago, I decided to write my own review after reading low reviews of this resort. First of all, it is an expensive place to stay, but you get 2000+ sq ft of living space. We paid about $400\/nt including service charges and taxes because they had a stay 2 nights get 3rd night free deal. And this includes ala carte breakfast. That means you can order as much as you want for breakfast and it is all included. And that's what we did. We would eat breakfast late (as late as 10 am) and will be so full we wouldn't eat again till 5 or 6pm. The bfst selection have japanese and indian choices too aside from american. It was wonderful! There's a floral bath awaiting you when you arrive, which is pretty romantic. We stayed at the resort the whole time and took advantage of their complimentary fitness center, and water sports equipment like kayak and boogie board. I agree that the beach is not that spectacular, but I liked it because the water was calm. I hardly noticed the airplanes as some of the reviewers mentioned. Our villa was wonderful, even though we didn't book the oceanfront, we can still see the bay. I think the indoor living space is fine with just the bedroom and HUGE bathroom, coz you get a living area and dining area outside. And having your own plunge pool was just awesome. It's true that villas can be above other villas, fortunately we were on top :-) The restaurants are expensive, but what do you expect from a 5 star resort. The staff are friendly and did not bother us too much. One of them even gave us an unopened pair of slippers to take home as souvenir. The only one bad thing I remember is that at the souvenir shop when I asked for an extra bag, she wouldn't give me one, until I pointed out that I already bought stuff from their other shop. She then gave me one. I think being a guest at their resort, I deserve to get an extra store bag, whether I bought anything or not.The grounds are beautiful, pool's great, the spa is amazing, so overall it was an unforgettable experience. Love it!! ","annotations":[]}