{"text":"loved this hotel! Just got back yesterday from a 12 night trip at the Santika. My first time staying at this hotel and in this location of Bali. Had a friend recommend this hotel to me and I also had done my trip advisor research. I loved every moment of this hotel. It is an older hotel but it has had certain aspects of it refurbished. It is only about a 3.5 star, but it is really relaxed and fantastic. The room we stayed in was a Premiere pool room and was in the oldest part of the hotel. It was very spacious and had a large balcony overlooking the pool and poolbar. In past holidays usually stay in 5 star hotels but this was a cheap and cheerful gettaway, and I do not think I will stay anywhere else in Bali.Tha gardens are lush and it is situated on the beach and it is a nice beach. The locals dont hassel you too much. The hotel is long and if you want a room closer to the beach you will need to get a suite or bungalow. But any room is just a short stroll to the ocean. Sunsets resturant overlooks the ocean and serves really good food and I found the prices really reasonable. It would be the perfect spot for a romantic dinner or even small wedding gathering.The staff really friendly, always smiling and really made an effort to make everything perfect.The spa, really only does massage, but organises scrubs ect. through another spa, but I went to other spa's in Bali and believe the spa staff at Santika did the best massage and really reasnonable prices (remember we are used to paying for 5 star resort prices). What I liked about the spa it is was open air and in a large thatched hut and you could shut your eyes and relax to the natural sounds of the ocean and birds. It was great listening to nature and feel a slight breeze on you as your tension was being taken away.Breakfast was ok. But to be honast no matter where I have stayed Breakfast in Bali is not really great. The buffet was the same for 12 days with no change and I heard others commenting on this also. It was boring and we only went to breakfast 5 times as we chose to sleep in and grab lunch elsewhere instead.The poolbar had great food and I also found this to be reasonable prices. The staff at the poolbar were fantastic. You could also swim in the pool as late as you liked provided you dont disturb other guests, this I really liked as sometimes you need to get cool before you go to bed after a long day\/ night of shopping.The Santika is really not designed for kids, but there was some there, but it does not have kids clubs and activities. The location was great for you to be able to walk to places. 5 min walk to the Discovey shopping mall. 7 mins to kuta square. It had fantastic resturants across from hotel. Thai was great, Italian was the best. For the best mexican in Bali go to CHI CHI's next to the bali sling shot.If you want relaxed for your next holiday but still want to be able to walk to things and feel safe I would really recomend this hotel. As I said before I will not be staying anywhere else! I loved it. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":787,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":783}]}