{"text":"Great Location, Charming hotel if you get a nice room. My son and I just returned from a trip to London and Paris. The Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel was our first stop. I had emailed the hotel just after I booked our trip to secure a room with 2 double beds, seeing that I am traveling with my son. No problem, received a prompt reply, it would be taken care of. It was, however, the room we were shown first was drab, depressing and smelled. The next room we took for one night because there weren't any others, was equally drab and depressing, but we both slept well. The next day we were upgraded as promised, however they wanted to charge us $200 US for the upgrade. I told them if I was going to spend that I would check out and move to the Ritz Hotel. Didn't think the hotel was worth it at that price, an extra $200 per night. So, upon that they upgraded us to a suite for no extra charge. I was considering moving hotels...but the suite was lovely. The only problem was the noise of cars outside our window at night. It made sleeping with jet lag a little difficult. It is a lovely hotel if your room is nice, the suites are nice, the other rooms need a face lift. I found the concierge to be very nice and helpful. He recommended a restaurant nearby the hotel for a very delicious dinner, VERY EXPENSIVE, but I knew what I was getting myself into. Try The Greenhouse if money isn't an issue, wonderful meal, beautiful restaurant and walking distance from the hotel. A wonderful French chef.The bar at the hotel was cozy, great piano entertainment, however I do agree with another reviewer that said help in the bar is indifferent. It is though they are really doing you a favor by serving you one of their very high priced drinks--loose the attitude and it is a great hideout. Would I stay here again, perhaps, if I could be guaranteed a suite on the interior of the hotel. Great free computer use in the lower level, that was a plus, as I had some work to do. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":48,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":44}]}