{"text":"Not great, but a staff's attitude change my impression I switched to stay at the Hilton in Tokyo due to I stay more in Hilton family more in the U.S. Given most of the rooms in Tokyo Hilton are renovated (except rooms on the standard Hilton Floor) so I decided to give it a try.Some earlier reviews are correct, the elevators are still v. dated. I didn't remember how the old lobby floor look, even now, it doesn't look glamourous and great. . The lift foyer and the corridor of my floor smell like a farm, i reported the next day, but the ordor was still there until I checked out. However, the ordor didn't seep into the room.Location ~ The hotel is in the heart of office buidings, there is a free hotel shuttle running every 20mins to the Shinjuku station right in front of Keio Dept store Bus stop no. 21where the shoppings and restaurants are. The Room - The simplistic reburbishment made the rooms brighter and a modern look. But definitely not luxurious. The bathroom is v. simple, only the wall around the tub replaced by some plastic wall, no tiles. There was no bathrobe in the room, you have to ask for it. I was also told they actually only offer in suites ~~ the bathrobe in fact are not quality at all, they are rough after years of combating with the washing machine.The arrival ~ bell staff was short. The bell staff dropped my bags in the check in area unattended then left. The reception check in staff was cold though polite. I asked if there s a possiblity of an upgrade for HiltonHonor VIP. I was told they only upgrade regular customers ~~ my understanding was regulars apply only to Tokyo Hilton, Hilton Honor members are not regular ) Restaurant ~ I visted their 2star Michelin French restaurant ~Twenty One. It was rather disappointed. The service definitely is under par comparing to other one-star Michelin. Many non-Michelin restaurants can produce same quality of dishes.I was rather disapointed on my first return to the Hilton after a 8-year lapse. A concierge staff changed my impression. I realized i was over-charged by a restaurant in Shinjuku on my last night. Hilton helped me to reserve the table. I didnt' realize it until the next day wondering why the dinner bill was so pricey. I asked for translation of the bill, Ms. Morita, a polite concierge staff speaks perfect English, explained to me the bill was for a table of 9 guests, while she knew I only booked a table for 4. She took down all the dishes I had order. After my meeting, she sorted everything out for me, the restaurant even sent back the new receipt and the over-charged amount. It's Ms. Morita went that extra mile for the houseguests that win my heart again. ","annotations":[]}