{"text":"warning...rushed to hospital. I'm not going to bore you with the little issues we had in our trip. and so I will get straight to the point. We went down Dec 29\/08 for 7 days, if you look at the date of this review you can tell we only made it for four days and we are now back in Canada. This was our 3rd trip to DR. This hotel is beautiful, the beaches are spectacular and the rooms not too bad. Everyone knows that at a resort in the DR the waitstaff can be trying and the language barrier issue pops up often, but it's tolerated after all we're on vacation. WARNING- This same level of sub standard service continues into their hospitals. After two days my wife became so violently ill from the food at this resort she was rushed to a local (private) hospital. She (and I) spent two days in this hosptial. After she was admitted i was told to go back to the resort and leave her (no way). I spent two days on a wooden chair in a hallway as I was not aloud into the room...my wife was so de-hydrated from the illness that an I.V. line was in her arm. She took 4 litres in the end over the two days. They tried to give her anti-biotic, but my wife is five months pregnant and studies over here have conclusive evidence that antibiotics should not be administered during as pregnancy. This hospital tried to give her antibiotics and when my wife asked what it was they were trying to give her, the nurse didn't know. She told my wife to take the pills and a needle because the doctor says she had to and she must do what the doctor said. My wife refused and the nurse threw the products against a wall and walked out. After that we never saw a doctor again. Just a nurse who changed the saline. I could go on and on about the no soap or no toilet seats and the ants running around in the washrooms, no pillows or blankets on the beds in the rooms etc etc, but I won't horrify you.All I am saying is that if you get in any trouble in a third world country it can be a very very scary time and you are isolated and most certainly at their mercy. There are plenty of other countries to see.We managed by the grace of god to catch a flight out, but it cost us $800. When I checked out of this hotel (three days early), i explained why...the employee just shrugged his shoulders with no apology or concen and then handed me my spa bill.If you don't take heed to this warning be sure to do the following prior to you leaving...1- contact your private (work) insurer to let them know where you are going prior to departure and get all the necessary phone numbers to contact them in case of emergency.2-make sure you call your cellular carrier and have them place you on their roaming feature so you can use your cell while down there otherwise you phone may not work.3-do not trust the hosptial workers down there, if you feel something is wrong...stop them and don't give in. This country is trying, but they are no where close to our level of healthcare and there lack of education on healthcare matters is evident.I had done the above things and it made things easier, but i think we had some luck on our side too.We have been to DR three times...i guess our luck ran out this time, because you're lucky if you don't get sick. We will vacation in a first world country form now own it's just not worth the risk to our health. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":592,"mention":"sub","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Submarine_sandwich"],"startOffset":589},{"endOffset":592,"mention":"sub","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Submarine_sandwich"],"startOffset":589}]}