{"text":"Superb place to stay, but you do pay for it My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Jazz in July '08 for 6 nights following all the positive comments made about it on TA. We were certainly not disappointed and had a superb stay. The Jazz is perfectly located to explore Barcelona, being walking distance from the Ramblas but importantly also near the Universitatt and Placa Catalunya Metro stations which made exploring the city easy.The hotel itself was spotless, our room was large and always cleaned well and the bathroom was much larger than our expectations. We didn't have a view from our patio doors (it looked out upon the central 'garden' area) however I never mind an inside room in Spanish cities as it keeps the noise to a minimal level. One key aspect was the attitude of the staff who were quite simply excellent - some reviews on TA had questioned their attitude but they were exceptionally helpful and courteous to us, answering questions, giving advice allowing me to print things for free from the reception PC's and so on.The rooftop pool is a great addition and one of the reasons we chose the Jazz and it provided a great place to relax when not out trawling Barca. Towels are provided by the pool. A bar \/ cafe is available on the roof, however, we chose to just buy baguettes from the shop next door and to eat them by the pool.Travelling from the airport, the aeorbus (about 4 Euros each) takes you to Universitaat where it is literally a 2-minute walk to the hotel - unfortunately, it only picks up again from Placa Catalunya which, with a suitcase is more like a 7-10 minute walk. We got a taxi back to the airport which cost 35 Euros with tip.I was in Barcelona for work and therefore my hotel was paid for on expenses. The total cost for the 6 nights stay was 拢900, which for a 3-star hotel is a lot of money, and this would normally be over my budget if travelling for leisure. This price didn't include breakfast either. The Jazz is, however, a well placed and excellently managed hotel with great service and therefore if you can afford to pay these prices, it's a solid bet that it will provide an excellent base to discover Barcelona. ","annotations":[]}