{"text":"Great Find and Excellent Service I booked two standard suites at the Fajardo Inn for my son and his wife and myself and my partner. I was very happy with the choice of this hotel not just because of the price (which was very reasonable) but because the service and the amenities were just right. No this is not a luxury property but it is clean (sheets are changed every day - you don't even get that at the Marriott), the people are helpful and friendly, the pool (only one was open at the time) was huge and entertaining and the restaurants and bar were well priced and appetizing. The drinks are more than fairly priced and they aren't stingy with the liquor but they do caution about overindulging.Our two suites cost less than $150 per night and were located in a separate casita so it was like we had our own separate hideaway. The king-sized bed was comfortable but don't expect to see a lot of furniture in the room. It had a full kitchen and the bath was okay. The only problem we had was with ants (not unusual in the Caribbean and since we live in Florida something we are unfortunately used to). When I mentioned it to the front desk on the way back from breakfast to my room, she said she would have housekeeping get on it right away. She wasn't kidding - the housekeeping staff got to the room before I did and sprayed the place. Since my son had the upper room in the building and didn't have any ant problems I would recommend staying out of the lower level rooms if this is a problem.The Starfish restaurant was very nice and we ventured out to a few of the local places such as the Anchor Inn and the Conquista and had nice meals at both places. The hotel is very convenient to El Yunque and Luquillo Beach and if you forget something there is a Walmart in town.We also used the Internet service and that worked fine for a quick check of e-mails.Overall a great place for the money. We'd go back there again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1641,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1637}]}