{"text":"Not all that great---READ IF GOING HERE SOON!!!! Okay, where to start......My boyfriend and I stayed here from March 15th-19th.....The resort itself and the beach here is absolutely beautiful....If you are looking into getting the platinum package, I will warn you, its not all that great....they say that you get the premium drinks....but, it don't matter if you have the platinum bracelet or not, you do not get them unless YOU ASK for them. The only thing that we thought was good about the platinum package was the fact that you get a private check-in\/check-out and you didn't have to pay for the room service. Other than those 2 reasons, we didn't think the platinum was all that great or different from the regular packages. There was a fire at the resort on Saturday night, the bar on the beach burnt down along with 4 of the restaurants. They did try to accomodate everyone, but they were trying to squeeze 2 restaurants into 1, so it wasn't all that great cause they were squeezing all those people into one restaurant. They did set up a little canopy on the beach as a bar but then you couldn't get a frozen drink and you weren't able to get alot of the drinks that people would normally have, they only had a select few since the fire. Service was not all that great, once in the restaurant a server would come around asking what kind of drink you would like, but by the time they got there with your drink, you were already finished eating and ready to go. Our second day there, we had no hot water whatsoever, we did call the front desk to tell them and we were told that the whole resort was having a problem and they were working on it, well it was about 5 hours later that I was finally able to shower. If you are looking for a party time, this is not the place for you. There is NO nitelife here. Come 11:30-12:00, thats it, everything is done and it seemed that everyone was then on their way back to their rooms, everyone just dissappeared. They do have a disco up in the casino, we did try it out 3 out of our 4 nights there and all 3 nights there were maybe 5-10 people in there, so it really isn't even worth wasting your time to go up there. The shows were absolutely horrible, not good at all. Some of the staff are a little funny but others just try too hard and their not funny at all...haha. Just incase your agent has not told you, be prepared to see a few topless women on the beach, not too many but some do go topless. We didn't know about that so were kind of shocked once we saw it. In all, we did try to make the best of it but was not at all what we expected. We would return to Punta Cana but don't think we would return to the BP. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":325,"mention":"premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":318}]}