{"text":"Not as good as we hoped My husband and I stayed at this hotel a week ago. I chose it specifcally for its location (opposite Port Vell and next to the Barri Gotic) and its rooftop pool area. A Tripadvisor reviewer recommended Room 43 on the third floor so I emailed and requested it and that was what we were given. It was a lovely room with a large bathroom, 2 fluffly white robes, slippers, a very comfortable bed, a mini bar, a safe, excellent air con and best of all French doors leading to a balcony with absolutely wonderful views of the old port. The hotel itself was spotless with a pleasant reception area and a rooftop terrace with again, amazing views. There were also two PCs with free internet access.On the negative side: Despite being on the third floor, street noise was clearly audible - lots of sirens, street cleaning lorries and road maintenance work. Thank goodnes we were tired. The rooftop terrace is small with only a splash pool, three loungers (stained cushions and rather worn) and a few tables and chairs with umbrellas. We were never lucky enough to find a space. After sight seeing in the heat we looked forward to a pool and lounger but the terrace was always occupied by screaming children in the pool and there were never any seats available. Breakfast was an additional 16 Euros each and not worth the price. The choice was limited and finished items were not replaced. The breakfast room itself was a tight squeeze with only 3 couples in it . Can't imagine what they do when its busy. The staff cleaning the rooms were superb but the reception staff (well one female in particular) could do with some customer care training. We had booked for a 5 night stay but after 2 days without being able to use the terrace we left and checked into the Hotel Grand Central around the corner (see review) .NB: Take a shower cap. This hotel does not supply them. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":374,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":369}]}