{"text":"Great Location, Great Hotel, A Special Place in Florence Firstly can I say the last hotel I stayed in was 5 star and one of the Leading Hotels of the World. The staff at the Hotel Europa could give them some lessons with their wonderful helpful manner and availability to assist. Amazing 10 out of 10.The location for this hotel could not be any better, close to the tourist information, market, restaurants, Duomo, shops and bars.The owners are so helpful, friendly and obviously take huge pride in their fabulous hotel. It is immaculately clean throughout this includes the rooms, floor, bathrooms and all common areas and most importantly the sheets with extra pillows and blankets provided. Soap, shower cap and shampoo were supplied in small but adequtely sachets. The view from the Dante room is great, you can see the top of the Duomo and it looks over a pleasant courtyard.If you fly from London Stansted to Pisa and you choose to stay in Florence buy the Terravision bus ticket for the journey whilst on the aircraft from Ryanair. Approximately 8 euros single and return is 14 euros. This is a hours journey and it is the cheapest and most convenient way to get to the centre of Florence. The hotel is about 8 minutes away from the bus station and should you have much luggage then a short cab ride will be the easiest way for you to find the Hotel or if you have a map look for Via Cavour (which is right next to Palazzo Medici Riccardi on the map).Ask at the Hotel for tips on best places to eat and sites etc and they are happy to help: Michelanglos David is at the back of the hotel plus the City Tour Bus which you can hop on and hop off of is also right next to the hotel - again ask and they are more than happy to help. The only reason I can honestly say this hotel must be a two star rating is because of its entrance from the road. Its dark and we chose to use the stone stairs (their is a lift) and for the first 10 second you could be apprehensive but once you open the door and receive the warm greeting that soon fades away. The rest of the hotel is a good 4 star in my book. ","annotations":[]}