{"text":"Excellent value for the money We are so grateful we booked the Hotel des Grands Hommes for 16 days in August for the following reasons:1. Location: walking distance to the heart of the city, 5 minutes to the Metro; local neighbourhood was charming and romantic. Le Berthaud was our favourite restaurant: authenic cuisine, supported by locals, reasonable (15.5 eu for 2 courses) and 3 blocks away.2. Price - the hotel website was the best deal; the staff we very prompt and courteous in describing various options; we decided that breakfast included was better than an early-bird discount.3. Breakfast - small, but very adequate cold buffet. We might have found a better value outside the hotel, but the convenience, bottomless cups of coffee and Marika's warm and cheery welcome made this a far better option.4. Staff - always friendly, approachable, accommodating and helpful5. Accommodation - rooms were small but immaculate; the ensuite was pristine. We stayed in a standard interior room which had no view but was quiet. We stayed in a superior room (extra 30 euros) which had a spectacular view but could be noisy into the early morning hourd if we left the window opened. Both rooms neded more shelving for clothing. 6. Cable TV - BBC and CNN kept us informed. There were other stations in Italian, German, Spanish and French. TV size was not an issue.7. Free WIFI - we brought our laptop; the internet connection was perfect. A convenient way to keep in touch with family, local news back home, to store photos, to confirm attraction information, etc. Local internet cafes were 4 eu\/hr.8. Cheap telephone - 10 Euro cents per minute to North America; direct dial9. Access to airport - we took RER commuter train to hotel for 8 euros; the stop was a 10 minute walk to the hotel; We took Parishuttle back to the airport (19 eu\/pp) since the escalators from streetlevel only went up and it was rush hour. The staff booked the shuttle for us.10, Air conditioning: a luxury in the summer and not common in ParisWe definitely hope to return. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":741,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":735}]}