{"text":"Still good. Stayed here for a weekend in October. I had previously stayed here almost 10 years ago, and it really wowed me at the time. This time, I wondered if the Lost in Translation effect would have spoilt it, or if it would feel dated, but actually I think no to both. You could tell there were quite a few people who were just coming along for a drink etc, but it didn't feel like it was overrun with tourists. And d√ã√\u2022√ñcor-wise, the hotel still feels pretty ok - lots of neutrals mixed with dark wood etc. Staff service great. The only things I would mention are: the shower in the bathroom is pretty poor - just a hose attachment - they could really do with some rainfall shower heads like most of the competition; also, rooms of some of the newer hotels in this category are much bigger than the ones at the Park Hyatt - no biggie, but something to bear in mind. Toiletries are great though - Aesop. The fitness centre and swimming pool are a little odd too. The place looks amazing - huge glass windows with great views - but the lighting is so moody and dim that it's actually very hard to see anything in the gym! Free weight selection isn't great - if I remember rightly, it stops at around 20kg or something. Also, unless you pay to use the spa facilities, there isn't really anywhere to get changed if you just want to use the pool, which means you need to walk out of your room in dressing gown and slippers. No biggie again, but worth bearing in mind.Last time I was here, they had a reasonably long list of films on laserdisc you could borrow from the hotel (yes, it was that long ago√à√\u2020\u2022?. This time, they've got DVD players in the room, but nothing for you to play in them except for a couple of music CDs, which seems a little rubbish. Had breakfast in Girandole - pretty good experience both mornings. If you want a seat by the window, it might be worth calling the night before to book. Otherwise, try to get a seat on the raised part of the restaurant near the windows, rather than the main area, which can actually get quite noisy with families and the buffet etc. Internet usage and printing in the business centre is free (yes!). The shuttle bus is handy if you have the schedule, otherwise it's only a Y710 cab ride to Shinjuku. When coming back from Shinjuku to the hotel, I noticed there's a second, larger, blue shuttle bus, not owned by the hotel, which goes from the station to somewhere else in the Park Tower - I guess it must go to an entrance round the other side of the building. Worth bearing in mind if you can't be bothered to wait for the PH shuttle bus or don't want to take a taxi. Otherwise, it's about a 15 minute walk, which isn't too bad. ","annotations":[]}