{"text":"The best hotel My mum and I stayed here for four nights mid November 2007. I booked after reading all the reviews on Trip Advisor I thought that many people can't be wrong, they wern't. There is a reason this hotel is rated No.1 in New York on so many websites.What can I say. Our room was small but perfectly formed with everything we needed to make our stay comfortable, Iron  ironing board, huge shower, hair dryer, air con, huge tv etc etc, The 2nd floor lounge provided us with a 'free' plentifull breakfast and snacks and coffee 24hours a day and even better in the evening 'again free' wine with cheese and biscuits. The free internet access is a great idea if you have to check your emails we just used it for checking the times of one of the trips we had organised. This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in and I stay in a few with work all over its just like nothing I have stayed in before, its not flash or ultra modern its also not one of these hotels where you feel like you are walking on eggshells everywhere. The staff were superb and on hand any time of day to help, advise, make dinner reservations or simply open the door for you. I appreciate good service and going the extra mile when I see it. The thing is this hotel doesn't need all ritz and glamour its just perfect the way it is. The location is fabulous right in the centre of manhattan so its perfect for exploring uptown as well as downtown its also pretty close to 5th avenue which is handy for last minute shopping.I am happy to say that this little hotel made our stay in New York that bit more special we felt extremely valued customers not just a number like you do in some bigger group hotels.You must try the itlaian next door as well we ate there one night and it really was quite good.I would certainly recommend this hotels to all my friends and family if they were going to New York. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":622,"mention":"biscuits","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Biscuit"],"startOffset":614}]}