{"text":"Felt like a princess at the Palace I am a 14 year old girl writing this review, so if you're ever wondering what a teenager thinks of the hotel and it's service, you should read on.My family and I checked into the hotel on January 3rd, and luckily for us the beautiful Christmas displays were still up in the lobby. Even after they were taken down on January 6th, the lobby still looked amazing. As soon we reached the checkout desk we were greeted kindly and many staff had friendly conversations as we were waiting to be checked in. Surprisingly, our room was ready immediately, which was a plus. The room was beautiful as well and above my expectations. The room service menu was overpriced, but that was irrelevant to us because we didn't use it. We didn't see anything wrong with the room. It was very clean. We also had a fantastic view of the St. Patrick's Cathedral.The next day at breakfast we had to get in a huge line because there was only ONE person seating people! When we got in, we had an overpriced breakfast. It was over $100 just for the 3 of us. It wasn't even that great of one either, they gave my mom sour milk and it took a while to get the food. The next day, though, the breakfast wasn't so bad.Another dislike we had was that when we were checking in the lady talked us in to getting one bed for my parents and a small cot for me instead of two beds, because I wouldn't be staying there for two of the four nights. However, when we got back late at night we found the bed wasn't even in there! It was no problem though because it only took them about 10 minutes to bring the bed up and set it up.The last tiny dislike we had was the fact our phone was broken for a while. Whenever we got a call and picked up the phone it would just keep ringing and we couldn't talk into it. We called down to the front desk and the phones were immediately fixed while we were out the next day so it was fine.The one tiny thing you should be warned about is that there is a button in the room that turns on the 'Privacy' light on your door, which tells the maids not to come into your room. We did this once accidentally and as a result the maids could not clean our room... :POverall I'd have to say that I LOVED the hotel other than those few tiny things. I had a great time while I was in New York and staying in such a beautiful, classy hotel only made the experience that much better. I would come back here if I ever went back to NYC. ","annotations":[]}