{"text":"cant make my mind up I was so looking forward to this trip, and wasnt greatly at all disappointed. The complex as a whole is absolutely fantastic, staff all really pleasant and willing to help, it amazes me how they manage to keep a smile on their faces all the time, so very helpful. We stayed in the Platinum Suite area (4 of us in all, 2 couples), I can only say the rooms and domestic service every day is a 10 out of 10 for everything. The villa was only a 5 minute walk to the breathtaking beach, with lots of free activites or paid activities. The shop within the complex is very expensive, so if any Brits going make sure you take plenty of things, my hubby run out of shaving foam, I bought him a small gillette tin which cost in English money around 拢6, about 25 q tips for roughly 拢4, so take plenty of things including shower gel. The food is absolutely excellent 10 out of 10 in all the restaurants including the Hespaniola in the main lobby, if you get the chance go to the Gaucho on the beach (steak house), brilliant. The only downside was the theatre bar which is within the main lobby, phew what can I say, Brits take a battery operated fan, you're going to need it, the humidity in an evening is unbearable and no air con, we found we were totally exhausted from the humidity. When you go to the beach, have some of the Mama Juana, its great fun and the bar tender gives as much as you want, the drinks are plentyful. I will warn you about going shopping outside the complex, its a very scary experience, as soon as you leave the complex, the men from the shops across the road are coming over to you and saying lady you come into my shop I have plenty of cheap things, but believe me its not just 1 man its a possey of them, and once your in their shop be warned they close the door behind you, I did feel intimidated but gradually became quite calm, however do haggle, dont pay the price they are asking, stick to your guns and the price you have fixed in your head, dont go over. The tip is just tell them you're leaving the shop. they soon come round. If you can go on the quad bike trip, really good fun, would recommend that. Hope this review helps anyone going. Have a good trip ","annotations":[]}