{"text":"Decent hotel but could have been better Given the great reviews the hotel has got by previous guests, I was expecting to be wowed by the Hesperia Presidente but there were a few niggling issues that made my 4 night stay there just average.Firstly, when booking directly with the hotel, the reservations lady was very reluctant to send me email confirmation and didn't ask for a credit card number to guarantee the booking. I booked at very short notice (the night before my arrival) so really wanted something from the hotel in writing before I left the UK. I never got my email but I did eventually (after 3 calls to chase it up) get a reservation number. The room was fine, perfectly adequate, if a little small. It was generally clean, apart from a few hairs on the bathroom floor and a rather fusty smell in the toilet cubicle. Although it was a non-smoking room, I have a sneaking suspicion that it had been occupied by smokers quite recently. On the plus side, the bed (or should I say beds - two large singles pushed together) were really comfortable and ensured a very good night's sleep.The staff was pleasant enough, although not overly welcoming.The bar is nicely laid out, although for 2 nights running we were the only 2 people in it.One thing that I did think was very cheeky was the fact that, despite offering 2 computers for guests' use in the business centre, I was asked to pay √à√\u2020√ü? for half an hour's usage. This should be free of charge.The location of the hotel is very practical and there are several decent eateries close by. There is a Starbucks just around the corner (not that you necessarily go to Barcelona to go to Starbucks, but it is a quick and easy breakfast option...) and in the basement of the nearly El Corte Ingles is a well-stocked supermarket. We went to a restaurant called Daps which was good value, served tasty food and had a lively atmosphere (just opposite El Corte Ingles). All in all, the hotel provided us with a good base to explore Barcelona. It could have been better but in general it was perfectly satisfactory. ","annotations":[]}