{"text":"Don't expect help in case of emergency I am sorry to say I can, in no way, recommend this hotel. My boyfriend and I had been very much looking forward to a trip to Barcelona and the Husa Oriente looked like a reasonably comfortable, suitably located place to stay.Unfortunately, within 3 hours of arriving in the city, I'd been attacked and robbed by two men on a motorbike. I'd read the safety advice regarding the city and had taken precautions. Nonetheless, the incident happened and the fact that an attack like this could happen at 4pm in the centre of the city was a shock - I've lived and travelled across Europe for years and have never experienced anything like it.Somehow we made our way back to the hotel, to find out about the location of the hospital and the police station. We also needed to find out contact details for my mobile phone company, so my phone could be blocked from use by the thieves.Unfortunately, the staff on duty at the desk were entirely unhelpful and uncaring and we received no aid. As a result, there was a considerable delay (hours) in being able to get treatment , report the incident to the police and to have my mobile phone blocked by the mobile company.I was in a great deal of pain - my arm had to be strapped up and I am unable to return to work before September. We were both in a state of shock.In spite of all this, while the incident took place at 4pm, we were unable to stop and try to recover until after midnight.The following morning, we checked out. Different staff were on duty at reception. The young man at reception my boyfriend spoke to clearly knew about the incident the previous day. He said how sorry he was, said to let him know if there was anything he could do to help. The charge for the few minutes I had needed to phone the Card Protection company, which I was able to do by 11pm the previous evening, was waived. If this had been the approach of the staff on duty the previous day, at the point of emergency, when help was desperately needed, this could have been a very different review indeed. ","annotations":[]}