{"text":"Enjoyable Stay We just returned from a 1 night pre-cruise stay and a 5 night post-cruise stay at the Hotel Jazz. All in all, we enjoyed this hotel very much - from the prime location, the comfortable bed, the linens and the helpfulness of the staff - in particular, Marien. I had actually double-booked a stay at another hotel (Hotel Majestic) for our post-cruise stay but was pleased with the Jazz that I cancelled my reservation at the Majestic. On the pre-cruise stay, we had a triple room on the 7th floor (Room 706) which consists of a large king bed and a fold-out sofa for the 3rd person. The swimming pool was on the 8th floor. We didn't notice any subway noise but heard noise from the street \/ traffic. The windows do not seem to do much to insulate the exterior sound. We live in a city and are therefore use to such sounds. On the post-cruise stay, we stayed in another triple which was located on the 6th Floor (Room 606). Of the 2 rooms, Room 606 was larger as it had a wall in between the king bed and the sofabed. Both rooms are on the southwest corner of the building so you had windows that opened up on two sides of the room. Air conditioning worked great - probably too well and it took some time to figure out how to adjust the temps. Don't know if it was because we were there longer, but we did hear the noise and the rumble of the subway in this room.Positives: Location, friendliness of the staff, the pool, usage of computer with internet access (front desk offered to print my boarding passes if I would only email it to them). Food ordered from the pool was fairly good and relatively inexpensive. 11 Euros for a large pizza and a liter of water.Negatives: Pool doesn't open until 10 a.m. and closes at 8 p.m. My wife would have liked to get in a morning or late night swim for exercise, but they lock the floor. Also, housekeeping didn't make our room until late in the afternoon (4 pm) even though we put out the sign for room clean up at 9 a.m. After a day of sightseeing, the last thing we want is to return to an unmade room or catch the housekeeper in the middle of her clean up. I think that she was concerned about cleaning up the rooms for guests who were departing so that the hotel could have them available for incoming guests instead of taking care of the other guests who were staying.It cost us 25 Euros for a taxi cab from the hotel to the airport at 5 a.m. (no traffic), but note the taxi adds another 2 Euros for each additional piece of luggage. We had previously booked a private car to pick us up from the airport to take us to the Hotel Jazz and that was $50 flat. If we did not anticipate that there was going to be little traffic at the time of the morning, we would probably book a private car as it would be cheaper and probably less stressful. The taxi driver spoke NO english whatsoever.If returning to Barcelona, we'd stay at this place again and would recommend it to anyone. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1652,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":1647}]}