{"text":"Loved Punta Cana My husband and I made our first trip to the DR for our tenth wedding anniversary. We were concerned about the huge differences in the online reviews. We had a fantastic time. Reading the reviews helped make the expectations a bit more realistic and we were prepared for some of the common complaints - lack of hot water, mediocre food, rude tourists. That said, overall we had a great time.We went Platinum Club. I think that was worth it. We got premium liquor, free massages, dinner at a gourmet restaurant , a great location for our room, the ability to walk up and down the beach and get drinks at the other Princess resorts. Our room was clean and we always had plenty of towels for showers and the beach. We did tip our maid about three dollars per day. The water pressure was really low, but we did have hot water every day except the last day. We did not have any problems with bugs or mildew. The power would go off sometimes in the mornings, but not every day and never for very long.The Platinum lounge was really nice also. We could use the internet for free. I could usually get on a computer with no waiting. You could also mix your own drinks, get soft drinks or water or bottled beer here. My husband took a six pack back to our room. The staff in the Platinum lounge was very helpful with dinner reservations and replacing our lost coupon for the massages.The food is OK. Most of the food is very different from America - so, yes our systems had to adjust a time or two. But it was never bad enough to interfere with our activities. It was fun to try some different things. There were only one or two things I just flat our did not like. And yes, the restaurants are open air. We did not have trouble with flies. But we would see a bird fly through from time to time.Drinks all day long every day was fabulous. You have TO ASK for alcohol to be added to the mixed, slushy drinks - Pina colada, coco loco, etc. We always got good service and tipped a dollar almost every time we ordered a drink. Some people brought Bubba Kegs - good idea, this cuts down your trips to the bar for the 10 ounce plastic cup and helps keep your drink cold longer. The bartenders would fill them everytime.There were lots of nationalities represented at the resort. I barely speak Spanish, so I invested in a $2 phrase book that helped bridge any language gap. Most all of the staff knew enough English that we communicated without any problems.We did two excursions - Saona Island and horseback riding on Macao Beach. The Saona Island trip was AWESOME. The catamaran ride out was fabulous - great views and the water was amazing. The island itself was beautiful. The cookout was fine - just like what we would do in the states. There is plenty of rum flowing freely - be prepared for drinkers (I was one of those). You take speedboats to a Starfish Pool - we are pretty sure the starfish were dead. There was no snorkeling as advertised, but we did not miss it. The speedboats take you back to Bahibe. All in all, well worth the money and lots of fun. The horseback riding was fun also. The worst part was how filthy the beach was. The setting is beautiful, but the trash and debris on the beach was tragic. The horses were not as well kept as I would have liked, but this is the DR not Kentucky.Bottom line - you have to work really hard not to have fun here. We participated in some of the pool shows, ping pong tournament, salsa lessons. We watched at least some of all of the nightly shows. We walked around the grounds - saw the birds, iguanas, turtles and mangrove trees. It was very relaxing and we are looking forward to going back. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":428,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":424},{"endOffset":471,"mention":"premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":464}]}