{"text":"better than expected! We chose the Marriott in Waikiki, for our first visit to Hawaii. We went to celebrate our 25th Anniversary, and I must say, the hotel exceeded my expectations! I'm a Marriott Platinum rewards member, so I've stayed in Marriotts before. This hotel was just beautiful.....modern, clean, with all the ameneties easily accessible for such a sprawling property (contrary to some reviews I'd seen here). We upgraded our partial-ocean view room to a deluxe ocean view (front tower)when we arrived, and my only dissapointment was we were charged for that, in spite of our anniversary and my club member staus. Oh well, was worth the try! We found the view absolutely breathtaking, worth the upgrade. The Lanai looked out on the pool  ocean, and the front bay windows were full ocean. I could just stand there and take it in all day! The concierge was helpful booking activities, though she could have been a bit more informed about details like visitor volume at Pearl Harbor, closure staus at Diamond Head, etc. Just a suggestion, but if you're first timers as we were, check into the activity\/ venue on line ahead of time to get a feel for it, don't just rely on the concierge. An example of this was our excursion to the Polynesian Cultural Center, I was really just looking for a great Luau, and ended up spending a long, 12 hour day at the cultural center...very educational, if thats what you want. I suspect had our kids been with us, they'd have been bored. And the Luau was pretty bad. So I'm still searching for the Hawaii beach Luau experience, more reason to return. On the other hand, Haonuma Bay and Pearl Harbor are absolute not-to-be-missed must dos! Finally, all the hotel restaurants (we ate at 4 of them) were first rate and reasonably priced, particulary the breakfast buffet at the grill (served 5-11AM, very convenient!). We had a great time  would return here again! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":609,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":605}]}