{"text":"Capitalism at its Best In September 2008 I was in Amsterdam on business. I had not been in Amsterdam for 30 years and so I elected to stay over the weekend to explore the city. The City was inundated with a very large conference and obtaining a hotel room was next to impossible. As a result, I was required to change hotels from the NH Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky to the NH Carlton Amsterdam. Basically I went from a 5 star hotel and paid and incremental 130 Euros\/night to stay in a three star hotel. The Carlton leaves much to be desired and this does not just address it's location. Upon arriving at the check-in office there was a large group on conference delegates in front of me. They had booked 4 rooms, they had the confirmation verified prior to arrival but at the front desk they were told that there were only two rooms available. So sorry there is nothing we can do! the front desk stated. I checked in next and was told that I had a superior deluxe room. Which made sense since I was paying 400 Euro's for the night. However when I got to my room, it definitely wasn't a superior deluxe room. The worst part was the air conditioning didn't work. I called to the front desk and they politely told me it would be fixed upon my checking out of the hotel. I indicated since my room faced the street and the noise was intolerable what would they do to make up for the inconvenience. I was told nothing. It was a conference and I would have to live with the consequences.The next day I spoke with the Front Desk Manager, she indicated that they had upgraded me and I should have been happy with the room. I suggested that the upgrade was not as important as sleep especially since I was required to have the window open onto the street the entire night. The hotel said that was too bad, many hotels in Amsterdam do not have air conditioning and they asked how I was going to settle my account. No appologies were given and I was told that I should be happy to have had a room at all. My inclination in the future would be to direct my business to a hotel chain that is more interested in the satisfaction of the consumer and not how they are going to exploit the situation. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":361,"mention":"NH Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/NH_Grand_Hotel_Krasnapolsky"],"startOffset":334}]}