{"text":"never again Never Again.....We were a group of 10 people....There to celebrate grandparents 75th birthday. Upon arrival we were greeted at the airport with GO's who quickly tagged us with color coded bracelets. My daughter, 16 and my niece 18 were given the same color bracelets as the rest of the adults...not thinking anything of this since they had been charged as adults, we went along our business of checking in to the resort. Three hours later, The rooms were not what we had confirmed and they were musty and none of us were together...all three rooms split up. Back to the bracelets....my daughter went off to order a diet coke when a bartender refused to serve her as he insisted that she was not an adult and was wearing the wrong bracelet. He accused her of trying to obtain alcohol when in fact she had no intentions of doing so. When he said come with me she refused and came to get us. He would not listen to either my husband or myself and then refused to serve any of us. He actually thought we were permitting and assisting her with this so called game We placed a formal complaint but that only made matters worse. The GO's were unpleasant toward us for the rest of the week.Most importantly, the language barrier is ridiculous. If you do not speak French you are in for a bad time. The property was full of French people and the Anti-American sentiment was in full swing!! They hate Americans!! They called my son and his cousin Fat Americans ( none of us are fat by the way) and refused to let them in any group activities. We all felt like outcasts at this resort.The food was not good and we were all sick.Don't know what else to say....Oh, yes, they deliberately turn off the power at night while you are sleeping to conserve energy...it was very difficult to sleep without air...not much of a breeze if any through the small windows of the rooms. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":636,"mention":"diet coke","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Diet_Coke"],"startOffset":627}]}