{"text":"An enjoyable stay My husband and I stayed for a romatic weekend at the beginning of April. We took the Aerobus from the airport and a short walk from Placa de Catalyna arriving at approx 6PM. The porters helped us to carry our largish suitcase to reception where check in was quick and professional.We had booked a renovated Deluxe Room with a Rambla view, but on opening the door we quickly discovered that this is not what we got.The room was a little tired looking, especially the bathroom, however we believe we had been upgraded to an 8th Floor Suite since we had a lovely large terrace (we would not have had a balcony in our requested room) with excellent views of La Rambla, lots of Barcelona and even a sea view. We also had a largish sitting area and a good sized desk. This more than made up for the disappointment of not being assigned a refurbished room, and so we did not complain to reception.We were disappointed with the selection of TV channels available in English, although in fairness we were not often in the room watching TV.We didn't eat in the restaurant since there was far to much on offer in Barcelona so cannot rate the food, although the restaurant did look very nice. We had a couple of drinks in the hotel bar which was quite stylsih, albeit a little expensive. On one evening there was a large group in the bar with lots of children and both adults and kids were very loud which spoiled our experience, however generally this was a good place to unwind with a cocktail after a busy day in Barcelona. Breakfast was purchased from the supermarket next door to the hotel and eaten on our lovely terrace. We were able to store juices in the minibar and made coffee\/tea from the facilities provided in the room. This made for a stress free start to the day.We could easily walk to most locations from our hotel and only took one taxi during the whole 4 days. A negative point was the expensive internet at a charge of Euros 17.50 a day.A positive point was the excellent housekeeping. Our room was kept spotless and we had a daily turn down service, including an additional towel change. Also, we were never bothered by housekeeping, no matter how late we left the room.Staff were very friendly and eager to help in a discrete way (not in your face).Overall we recommend this hotel as an excellent base for a trip to Barcelona. ","annotations":[]}