{"text":"Great weekend - Hotel Cram - from Dublin couple I was a bit worried about location before arriving at Hotel Cram - as last time I was in Barcelona - we stayed just around the corner from La Ramblas - but the reviews and photos of Hotel Cram were soo good - I thought it would be worth the risk. And the risk paid off - it's about 8 min walk to La Ramblas and Placa de Catalunya (which, by the way, this is where you can grab a tourist bus to see the city sights in one go for 18 euro per adult) - so it was no big deal at all. We took the Aerobus from Airport and hopped off at Barcelona Universtat (a couple of stops before final stop) - you literally cross the road head towards the university and walk up street called Aribau - 3 blocks and the hotel is on your right. My first impression of the hotel was mm looks cool - very mod and kinda funky. The staff were very friendly and made no fuss about our early check in. First impression of the room was that it was small but it was very clean, very modern and had everything you would need. The bed was very comfortable and yes I agree with previous reviewer the pillows were so comfy. The bathroom was great - loved the rain style shower and the heated mirrors. I agree with previous reviewer re frosted bathroom door - could be a little embarrassing for people who aren't totally comfortable with each other!! Not much privacy. All in all - I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and tell them to ask for a bedroom at the front - better view - noisy but windows drown out traffic at night. Good air con system. A word of warning.... you'll do lots of walking in barcelona... so be prepared for sore calves!! I'd recommend doing a bus tour (Red Line) to visit to Parc Guell, and Gaudi's unfinished Catherdral Sagrada Familia - worth seeing. Shopping is great - Zara Mango HM, System - very good value. Eating out in Tapa Bars is a much and so cheap. Oct was lovely time to go - T shirt weather - and not as crowded as summer months. Enjoy Placa Catalunya ","annotations":[]}