{"text":"Pros and cons of Hotel Nexus I stayed at Hotel Nexus from a Thursday afternoon through Sunday morning. There are some good things and some not so good things about this hotel. I chose the hotel primarily for the location and for the fact that they provide a shuttle to the Childrens Hospital (as well as other area hospitals and attractions) where I was visiting. The good things about the location are the proximity to the freeway, and the Northgate mall. Also there is a very good restaurant next door. The bad things about the location are the proximity to the freeway (noisy) and the fact that the hotel is located on a busy road that connects to the freeway. The best thing about the hotel itself was the housekeeping staff. The room was very clean, the housekeepers were friendly and I never woke up to the sound of housekeeping calling to each other or vacuuming next door like I have had in some hotels. In fact, the housekeeping staff were the friendliest people at the hotel. The front desk staff, one in particular, were cold and not so efficient (almost as if they just didnt care) and unfriendly to the point of being rude. I noticed this with all the guests, not just myself. The other not so good things about the hotel was the look from the outside - very like a budget motel, with the rooms on several levels with their entry doors along a corridor on the outside facing the street (which is not always secure) and the outside just had a shabby tired look. One of the most frustrating incidents involved the internet access. The hotel boasts high speed internet in all the rooms. I was able to get online on Thursday but not at all on Friday or Saturday - it seems the hotel was full and the internet was busy and the signal was very weak. It was very frustrating as I was not able to be online again until Sunday morning. The hotel was very noisy, you could hear the guests in all the surrounding rooms, and while this is not the fault of the hotel, I had an upstairs neighbor who paced his floor (my ceiling) ALL NIGHT LONG for both Thursday and Friday night. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. I was not in one of the premium rooms with the soaker tub however, but for the amenites and room I had here, you could get a room at another hotel for a better price, like an 8 or Motel6. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2153,"mention":"premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":2146}]}