{"text":"Wonderful all inclusive We just returned from the Riu Palace Macao in Punta Cana DR. We had a wonderful time. The food was excellent. We ate mostly in the buffet but we also had dinner in the Steakhouse, the Caribe Grill, and the Kabuki japanese restaurants. No complaints at all about the food. The beach was lovely. Punta Cana is on the Atlantic side of the island so the water was a bit chillier and greener than the Caribbean side. The sand was soft and fine. There were plenty of loungers. There was surf to play in and free non motorized water sports. We booked an excursion through Scuba Caribe onsite for a sunset snorkeling trip to the Caribbean side. This was very good. We also did an excursion through Prieto Tours for the Caribbean Festival - a half day snorkeling trip, swimming with nurse sharks and seeing rays up close. On the ride back there was a Dominican Folkloric dance show on the Catamaran. The only complaint about that is there were too many people for the small area that we were allowed to snorkel in. It was very crowded and we kept getting kicked and swum over top of. The activities at the resort were good. There was music in the Cubano Bar every night. There was usually a show too every night - dances from the Caribbean, Mexico and Dominican. There was also a Caberet show and a Micheal Jackson show. The activitiy staff were very high energy and multilingual. On Thursday night is a Caribbean Party on the side street next to the resort with music and dancing and silly games. Really a lot of fun. The only real complaints we had were about the air conditioning in the room. It was not cool enough for my husband. (It was fine for me.) The room never got cooler than about 72 degrees. They kept saying they were working on it but I don't really think so. Also, housekeeping was very inconsistant. They would come any time from 8:30 am to 4:30 pm. They did not always do a thorough job. And even if we hung our make up room sign and left for 4-5 hours, there was no telling if the room would be done or not. Also the casino is not very good. There are no rules posted for the table games....hubby said they only used one deck for poker. The slot machines were old and sticky and did not all work properly. Overall the staff people were very helpful and friendly. Not all the tourists were though. There are many French, German and Russian tourists here - as well as visitors from the UK and Canada. We did enjoy our time there. Two weeks was perfect. It only rained the day we arrived and the day we left. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":60,"mention":"Palace","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_New_York_Palace_Hotel"],"startOffset":54}]}