{"text":"1 week at the El San Juan - LOVED IT! I just returned from a fabulous 1 week holiday in Puerto Rico. I'll admit I was a little apprehensive about the ESJ based on travelers reviews I had read but this hotel exceeded my expectations. I stayed in the Tower (5th floor), in a standard room with two beds and it was immaculately clean, quite spacious and quiet. Here are some of the great features....1) Perfect location (Isla Verde) for a vacation - just far enough from city to be able to relax and 10 minutes by car to Condado\/Old San Juan. ESJ is right on the beach.2) Great beach, ocean is lovely and warm, no worries about undertow or overly large waves. 3) Beautiful grounds with palm trees, orchids, banyon trees, just breathtaking.4) Lots of action in the lobby (music, dancing etc) especially on weekends. Whether you participate or not (I didn't) I liked the Latin spirit of this place and the feeling you were actually in San Juan. This hotel is a true original.5) Lovely staff, especially when you take the time to smile and say hello. The Puerto Ricans are wonderful and warm people- make the effort to get to know a few.Here is a response to some of the criticisms:1) There are NO bedbugs. There are what they call no see 'ums on the beach, especially early or late in the day. Make sure you get a chair when on the beach (don't sit on a towel on the beach) and if you are the kind of person who tends to get bitten (ie: by mosquitos) bring repellent. I got a few bites, my friend was only bitten once. A small price to pay :)2) Yes, the hotel is older and no, maybe it's not really a business hotel. But I saw business people in the lobby each morning accessing the internet with their computers, Starbucks coffee in hand. Clearly they managed and they looked pretty content in doing so.3) On only one day in seven, there was a lot of seaweed near the shore - not sure why (wind, tides??) but it was gone the next day.4) Yes, things might get done a little more slowly at ESJ....much like the rest of San Juan and probably Puerto Rico in general. But things do get done. I quite liked the pace and came home completely relaxed. Take it easy, it's good for you.If you want a hotel just like the ones in any large U.S. City maybe this isn't the one for you. But if you're willing to scratch the surface and have a real cultural experience - I highly recommend the El San Juan. I'll go back. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1725,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1719}]}