{"text":"not the service I expected... We stayed at the Villa Montana to attend a wedding that our friends were having here. The wedding was beautiful and the property is nice as well. The resort is in a remote part of the island and if relaxation is what you are looking for this is the area to be. The beach is small and the ocean is very rocky which makes it a bit challenging to enter and exit the ocean. If this is important to you I would be cautious of staying here. The property consists of mainly villas which we stayed. Let me start with our check-in. This was certainly not what I expected. Once I completed my registration, we had to wait 30 minutes in the small office area for one fo the employees to escort us to our villa. Why this is necessary I did not understand and was not given a very good explanation. We were with other guests as well who waited along with us. Not a good way to start our stay here. Our first villa was a bit small for our liking and I went back to the office where we were quickly upgraded to a 2 BR villa with 2 bathrooms, 1 with an outside shower which was nice, kitchen and living room area. We were helped with our luggage to the next villa which was a nice gesture.Once in our villa is where things were not exactly what I expected from a resort like this and from the prices they charge. The upgrade to the new villa did come at a price of course. The villa was cleaned that day but overall it was a bit run down and not worth the money. The location is what you are there for, not the accommodations. One of our ceiling fans was broken, the fridge light was broken, there were bugs we had to take care of and the biggest pain was that the villa had one phone which was broken. Since we were there for a wedding we needed to keep in touch with people for daily activities. Cell phones did not work so the villa phone is important. I went back to the office to request we have someone give us a new phone. Our original employee came to the room to try and fix the phone which he could not. He said he would be right back and after an hour later he did not. I had to go back to the office again, to be told there was nothing they could do till the next day. Why couldn't I be given a new phone to plug in? No one could tell me that. So for 2 days we had no phone to keep in touch with our other friends on the resort. The front desk was not helpful at all with this and actually seemed annoyed when I expected this to be fixed. Overall, the resort looks great from the outside and is in a remote and beautiful part of PR. The rooms\/villa are in need of an upgrade and I think they need a couple more people to help with check-in and maintenance on the property. The wedding was a success and that was the main thing. If not for the wedding, I would not return to this resort again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1194,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1190}]}