{"text":"Won't stay anywhere else!! My wife and I just stayed at H1898 for eight nights, from 21 to 30 Nov 2008. Given the length of stay, we had initially thought of trying two different hotels (the other hotel we considered was the Meridien next door), but we are now glad that we stayed the entire period at H1898. We had a privilege room on the third floor overlooking the Ramblas. There were two windows, a large one opening out onto the Ramblas, and a smaller side window looking at the Meridien. The choice was made after we had inspected a superior room and a deluxe room (with a terrace) for comparison. The privilege room appealed because of its large size, high ceiling, separate sitting area with full length sofa, and above all else, its fantastic bathroom. The bath room was not only large and luxurious (in a classy green marble), but really clever in design, because it had twin vanities (facing each other) OUTSIDE of the main bath room, which housed a bath tub, WC, bidet and a generous glass enclosed shower stall with a rain shower. This room was definitely a five star rather than four, on account of this bath room and the size. The window facing the Ramblas brought life and light into the room, the sounds of pedestrians, street vendors, entertainers, and even clinking of cutlery in near by restaurants, wafted in along with the cool autumn air every evening. We felt pretty much part of the street scene even as we sat in the comfort of the sofa sipping sangria.Its location on the Ramblas is simply superb. Although there are a multitude of hotels all along the strip, this particular corner is literally a few steps from the Plaza Catalunya (transport hub for the airport bus, tourist bus, metro, tourist information), and also the location of Carrefour right next door means grocery shopping is a cinch. A daily trip there for fresh fruits and bottled water became a routine for us. Via the Ramblas, almost all the major sights are walking distance including the GOthic quarter, the Palau Musica, the Palau Guell, the Columbus monument, the Gaudi masterpierces of Casa Batllo and Casa Milla, and the main shopping street on Paseig de Gracia. The hotel is also a few steps from the La Boqueria Market, which means you can eat the freshest produce and sea food the city has to offer every day. The excellent Bar Boqueria in the market itself is great value for money. After we found it, we ate brunch and dinner there almost every day. Forget about the tourist trap restaurants touting tapas sets along the main street.Finally two features make H1898 truly magical, instead of merely excellent. The roof terrace with its really classy outdoor furniture, which offer a panoramic view in three directions (the fourth being blocked by the Meridien), best enjoyed in the early morning and late evening. Many other reviews have raved about the terrace so no further elaboration is needed. However, it is the indoor pool which captured my imagination and which I really want to draw attention to. It is in the basement, and while not big (about 9m x 4m), the cavernous design with serial roof arches and gothic stone claddings on the wall, together with special lighting effects, and haunting music make swimming here a surreal experience. On one end, there is a large back-lit black and white picture of padi fields carved into a cliff which makes one think of Bali. An early morning swim will definitely invigorate and give a great start to the day. The adjoining changing rooms come complete with towels and toiletries so you don't need to bring anything from your room. Strangely, it was always empty on each of the occasions I used it. Perhaps it should remain a well kept secret.Overall, despite going with already very high expectations from reading all the past reviews, the reality managed to surpass our imagination. The staff are helpful and responsive when approached, but are otherwise discreet rather than proactive, The only one gripe I have is the hotel could not provide an umbrella on a rainy day. Given the room rates, I think it is fair to expect this provision in every room since it is not a standard item in most travellers' luggage. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1450,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":1443},{"endOffset":2509,"mention":"tapas","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tapas"],"startOffset":2504},{"endOffset":3305,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":3300}]}