{"text":"Beautiful resort...terrible staff and food My wife and I decided to try Excellence based on some of the reviews that we found on Trip Advisor, everything seemed great! Unfortunately, we had a different experience from what others have had to say. We've been to Sandals about 4 times in the Bahamas, Jamacia and St. Lucia and did compare Excellence to Sandals.First off I will say that the resort is very beautiful and the grounds, beach, pools are well kept. Our problems began with something that was not the resort's fault, but USAirways...they lost our bags for 2 of the four nights we were there....but we had our swimsuits at least..but just the clothes on our backs.So, since we didn't have the appropriate attire to eat at most of the restaurants and nightlife, we ate at the Lobster House the first night since it was casual. A few hours after eating there, I began feeling a bit nauseous...tried to get something from the Market\/Pharmacy around 8pm, but it was closed. I ended up being up all night vomiting and other things. I had not drank any water (other than bottled...of course it is bottle in the Dominican Republic) so it had to be food poisoning, especially how quicklly it came on. I spent most of the next day in bed trying to recover. Did I mention that our toilet broke (would not flush) a few times that evening and overnight?? Due to that, and that the AC didn't work properly and the elevator was broken (we were on the 3rd floor), we changed rooms.The staff did not seem to really care that I ended up with food poisoning....apparently after speaking with other guests and reading a few other new reviews, this isn't all to uncommon.As I said, we've stayed in other all-inclusive resorts and the staff went above and beyond to make sure we were happy. The staff at Excellence seems to view guests as a nuisannce (we weren't the only ones that thought so either). The drinks were weak, and the other food we ate was not all that great...other than the French place.It wasn't all bad, the pools and beach are great. The Micheal Jackson show was amazing, and the two parrots are very cool. As for the rest, bring in a new staff that cares about its guests (there were some that were friendly, but not many), drastically improve the food and drink situation and it would be a great place that I would recommend, but right now I say stay away! ","annotations":[]}