{"text":"Avoid room 211 - broom cupboard We stayed at this Hotel 3 years before and so returned because we had enjoyed it. This time however we were so disappointed. We had booked this 6 months before, I e-mailed with time of arrival - no response! On arrival the reception staff were ages sorting out the room, laughing and joking together at which point I decided to listen! Big mistake as I do speak Spanish. Much of the discussion appeared to be about the size of the bed but I didn't say anything until we were taken to the room - 211. It was tiny and stunk of smoke even though I had requested non-smoking. Window could not be opened. Small bed with only just enough room to walk by if you edged up the side of the wall. Simply awful. Straight down to reception to be told they were full! Told them I am asthmatic at which point they then offered another room which had not been made- up. Went to see it - marginally better rather like a cell! After creating yet again, speaking in spanish so they knew I understood their earlier conversation, they said they would move us the next day if we would stay in the 2nd room offered for one night.The next day we stayed in room 502 - much better with nice bathroom in which we could open the large window. Even though it was not that big it was very pleasant and had we have checked into this room the first day we would have unpacked and started our holiday very happily.If you look at the floor plans, the same for each floor, you can see the same tiny rooms run throughout the hotel in the same position. They are not big enough for one person even and feel very claustrophobic , being internal rooms with no opening windows. The people who have enjoyed this Hotel are quite right, it is in a great position, and I too don't need to spend long in the room, but if they had been given the rooms we were first offered they would give the same review. It's not even cheap at over 拢110 a night with no breakfast!The arrogance of the reception staff was unforgivable. The complaints must go on all the time whenever they give these small rooms out. I suggest they no longer let these rooms or lose their 4 star rating and become a Hostal!We shall not be returning to this Hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1196,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1192}]}