{"text":"Not the best option... My fiance and I stayed 4 nights at El Con, along with two of my siblings. The decor was too cute. My room came with a balcony and a great view. The bathrooms and walk-in closets were perfect. However, my brother's room had a horrid view (what a pale concrete wall), and they would not improve the room, despite the fact that the hotel was NOT bustling at full-occupancy. This was my brother's fifth time in PR, and undoubtedly, his only stay at El Con. The pools were beautiful.Everything seemed to be an inconvenience. The resort was incredibly far from the airport and night life in San Juan or Loiza. You'll be driving\/riding for at least 1 hr. The caves (which are a big tourist attraction in PR) is 1.5 - 2 hrs away. Breakfast buffet was $25 per person plus tax with NO traditional PR fare. To get to the beach, you had to take the elevator to the lower level, walk across the back of the hotel, take the tram down the mountain, show your hotel ID to get an ID bracelet in order to wait on the dock for the ferry to take you on a 15 minute ride to Palomino Island -- and the ferry only runs on the hour. The latest you can stay on the beach\/Palomino Island is 5:30p. What kind of nonsense is that?! It's still nice outside at 5p. The wind is finally blowing off the water. What a waste. The alcoholic drinks on the island were nasty, expensive ($8 for a 12 oz. frozen pina colada from a machine) and WEAK (are you sure that's rum?). To add to one's inconvenience, the self-parking at $15\/day was a joke, and it was a hike to get there to\/from the lobby. Yes, they had a shuttle to take you to the self-parking lot, but it ran sporadically, and one of the primary drivers was rude and consistantly MIA. You could be waiting for 20 mins. Plus, you had to keep getting the cheap paper tix validated at parking services, instead of them just giving you a key card to come and go. The food at the Iguana Bar and Caribe Cafe were sub-par.Overall, after that experience, I wouldn't stay at El Con again. It was just a mediocre hotel with a hefty price tag, considering you're in PR. We passed a number of resort hotels on Route 3 to get to El Con. If I had to go back, I'm sure any of those would do. ","annotations":[]}