{"text":"A Great Time I read lots of reviews before my daughter and I took this trip. First of all, let me say that we had a fabulous time. The beach is absolutely breathtaking! The grounds are beautifully and meticulously maintained. The room itself was adequate and clean, though not luxurious. We had a garden view suite with a sitting room and a sleeping area. My daughter found the beds to be really hard, but mine was perfect for me since I like a firm mattress. The staff at the resort were very friendly, always willing to tend to any problems we had (key to safe didn't work, toilet didn't flush at first). Their maintenance people took care of the problems within minutes. The food was OK, but I wasn't expecting gourmet food at an all-inclusive. We had no stomach problems whatsoever! Of course we did not drink the water and used bottled water for brushing our teeth. And we saw no bugs, either inside or outside, except for a few tiny little ants in the room. We took two fabulous excursions: the first was to the Marinarium to snorkel among the nurse sharks and rays. We saw beautiful fish also on this trip and the entire excursion was a blast! The second excursion we went on was a full day to Saona Island. It involved a 90 minute bus ride (which was full of interesting information about the D.R. and showed us areas we would never have seen otherwise, a fun ride on a speed boat, several hours with a great lunch on Saona Island, and a trip back on a catamarand (spelling?) We also went kayaking, banana boating, and on lots of walks on the beautiful beach, and we had a wonderful outdoors massage. We had no problems with rudeness from anyone in the Dominican Republic and found the people to be very warm and friendly. It was also fun to hear all of the languages spoken by the many different people visiting the resort. And we met lots of interesting folks from different states in the U.S. as well. The only recommendations I have for the Iberostar Dominicana are:1. Come up with a new system to keep people from reserving, but not using, chairs on the beach and pool--sometimes all day long.2. Keep the pool and jacuzzis open until midnight instead of closing at 7:00 PM for chemical treatments.3. Allow for more seatings at the ala carte restaurants. It was difficult to get reservations; yet the restaurants were never full.4. Allow visitors to use snorkeling equipment longer than 1 hour\/day.If you are looking for a wonderful time on a beautiful beach with the sand, sea and sun, and in a clean, well-maintained environment, this is a great choice. If you are looking for luxurious accommodations and gourmet food, this is probably not the place for you.We had a great mother-daughter spring vacation and have no major compaints at all! ","annotations":[]}