{"text":"Traveled a bunch...this is the best My friend and I just returned on Friday. Flew Air Transat also. Slight delay when leaving Toronto, but no great hurdles. I was nervous because we have had bad experiences with Transat before. This time all went well.The resort....one of the most beautiful resorts we have ever been to. My friend and I travel for pleasure every 6 weeks during the winter months. This was the best. Yes it is a large resort. The trams were either on 'our' schedule or we were incredibly lucky. If no train is there, walk a little. Once you get your barings, the resort is not all that big.Everything is laid out perfectly.The beach goes on forever and is raked every morning by a sea of men dressed in green. Beautiful clean white sand. NO BUGS. At least we didn't see or feel any.We stayed in a regular room. Not Royal service. We met several people in RS and they didn't really have any better perks than us.Our room was very comfortable and cleaned every day.We left our maid a small tip and some perfume samples( the ones they give you here whenever you make a cosmetic purchase. We save them and take them on vacation to give away)She left us fresh flowers and extra towels.The food...Very good!! Each morning it took about 8 mins to make a dinner reservation in one of the a la carts. We ate at everyone we wanted too and still didn't get to them all. Every meal was enjoyable.Just remember 'steak in the islands is different than steak at home'..and you will be fine.The beach buffet for breakfast and lunch was more than enough. The Market place buffet offered more choices and we did wander to it a couple mornings. Tip the servers and omlet guy a small amount and be happy all week. Remember our income in one week is more than they make in two months. Entertainment...Everynight they offer a theater type show. It lasts about 45 mins- 1 hour and is very entertaining. Don't miss the circus, magician. or the night the band doesn't show up so all the kitchen cooks sing and dance for you. Excellent!!Dancing is offered in the lobby bar after the show. Try it!!! Such fun. Tip the bartender when you start out and you will be happy all week.I know I say tip, tip, tip...but we spent less that $100 US all week and everyone was very appreciative A little bit goes a long way!The grounds...so beautiful!! Green. Lush. Flowers everywhere!!And people taking care of things. This resort is not lacking in staff. We found everyone very polite.A very polite 'No thankyou' and explanation that we were not going to buy on our first morning to the timeshare people and we were not bothered by them again.Golf...my friend played 4 times in one week and enjoyed every game. Just pick up a ticket from Guest services and they pick up the green fees. We loved the resort. What more can I say!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":748,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":743}]}