{"text":"Beautiful and tranquil in the circus that is Venice We stayed at this hotel for the last 2 nights of our long honeymoon in Italy. We paid just over 500 eu total per night for a non-themed room. The room was still beautiful and big, and on the top corner facing the Grand Canal and church which we thought gave us the best view in the place. It was spotless and very comfortable. The bed was wonderful and the bathroom large with a jacuzzi and fantastic view from the shower. The toiletries were some of the best I've used. Breakfast was probably the best we have had anywhere. There is a wide variety and they also made me something that was not on the menu but I had just written down. Everything was delicious.The staff were friendly and accommodating from the second we arrived. The free mini bar was always stocked and there was free wi-fi. Special mention to the older night receptionist, he was lovely. We kept interrupting his cigarette breaks when we came back to the hotel at night, but he was always very friendly and charming.The only bad thing I can say is that I did mention when making the reservation that it was our honeymoon, and there was no acknowledgement of that at all.Venice itself was a bit of a disappointment. Besides it being absolutely beautiful and surreal, we thought that it lacked personality. We had been used to lots of lively Italian cities and towns on this trip and in the past, and found Venice to be a little dull. We went out for dinner one night and arrived at a place that was meant to be lively just before 10pm only to find they were closing the kitchen in 5 minutes and we would have to hurry up and order, and then they had barely anything left and I got stuck with something I didn't want. And this was a Friday night! Walking through the town on the way home was beautiful - but completely empty and silent. We were grateful the hotel was in Dorsoduro - the other side of the canal was a circus. Venice is just full of tacky glass and mask shops, with nothing tasteful in sight. We didn't see many restaurants that looked interesting or didn't cater especially for tourists. The best place we ate was close to the hotel on the corner of the other main canal, the food was great and they were very friendly.Also it was well worth going to the Peggy Guggenheim collection.So all in all a great hotel that made the stay in average Venice more bearable. ","annotations":[]}