{"text":"Go anywhere else!!! If I had to sum up this trip in one word I would say- horrible!!! Don't go. If you made reservations, try to change them. My family and I went to the Grand Paradise Bavaro from November 18th to the 25th and we could not wait to get back home. This trip was a giant waste of money and weeks vacation. I am not a picky person and wasn't expecting too much however what I got was just awful. I'll start with the food- gross. The buffett was disgusting, I'm definately not a picky eater, and I could find very little in the buffett that was passable as edible. Also I noticed many people using their hands to get food which also disgusted me. The restaurant's level of food was slightly higher but still wasn't good. I basically ate bread the whole time. (I'd suggest packing snacks that can travel-or meal suppliment bars) Next was the drinks- The only good drinks I had the whole week was from the alcohol I brought down myself. Several times I saw the bartenders not even put alcohol in the drinks! The beer Presidente which isn't that bad but thats it, no corona, bud or anything else. ( a tip- pack alcohol, and mixers). The rooms weren't that great. In my room the lightning was bad and then a bulb blew. Called down to the front desk for new bulb- still waiting for it. No remote (ask for one when you check in) and also gotta buy a lock for the safe ($20). My room you could run the a.c. all the time however, other rooms you need a key for it. There were also cockroaches in the room. Let me tell you nothing is more fun then unpacking cockroaches at home. The maid service was also terrible. No towels and most days she didn't get to our room until after 5, by that time we would be getting ready for the evening and didn't want to be interrupted. When she did do the rooms she never made the beds only left water and soda. Be careful of the gallon water. Make sure you break the seal on the jug. I didn't one day and guess what? Got so sick I had to be taken to the clinic. Two days of my trip ruined because I was so ill. Service was a joke- waited forever for waitress' at dinner, bartenders were rude and towel people were also nasty to you. I tipped everyone everyday until about the 5th day because I realized my service woiuld still suck. (I'm a waitress I know how to tip properly, so it wasn't as if I was stiffing the people.) For activities- there were some, but the nightlife was definately lacking.( the all nite bar was a rec room and the casino was a few slot machines). The pools were ok- sometimes you'd find cigarette butts and straws in it, but over all not that bad. And the ocean was great. The water was amazing!! But overall this trip was terrible and I couldn't wait to get back home. Many people want to say that it is a thrid world country so you can't expect much, but my responce to that is I didn't pay thrird world country prices for this trip, I should have recieved better. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1848,"mention":"soda","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Saltine_cracker"],"startOffset":1844}]}