{"text":"Wonderful Wedding and Vacation! My wife and I just got married at Dreams! Our party of 70 guests was there July 8-15. We had an unforgettable trip! After reading reviews for the past year, it confuses me to think back about some of the negative reviews I have read. Not to say the resort is perfect, but my takeaway is that it is what you make of it. First of all, people don't seem to remember that they are in another country and thus you need to understand that there are many things that are done differently whether at this resort or another. My wife and I consider ourselves well traveled and if anything we felt as though the resort goes out of their way to cater to both Americans and Europeans. Since it is not fair to review the transport to and from the resort, I will not include this as part of the review and I will just say that it is a rough ride.  The resort itself was even more beautiful than I was anticipating and the pictures don't do it justice. Check in for 70 went well with just a few minor hiccups that were quickly corrected. We had one person that was in building #4 and asked to be changed. It appears that not all of the buildings have gotten the room upgrades yet. Other than that, everyone seemed to be happy with their rooms. They are not the nicest rooms I have ever been in, but they were more than adequate and you spend so little time there that it really doesn't matter anyway. The resort is very spread out and if you don't want to walk medium distances from place to place, this is not the resort for you. I personally feel that it gave the resort a better feeling and made for a more enjoyable stay. The resort puts you into the landscape rather than a large stand alone hotel. There are restaurants in two general areas (one by the lobby and the other by the beach). Almost everyone thought the food was much better than they expected. The French and Mexican restaurants got great reviews overall and even the World Caf√ã√\u2022√ñ (buffet) was well liked. Although only one person got really sick, many of the people had minor stomach problems which can only be expected do to all of the different foods and liquids that you will eat and drink. We all tipped the staff throughout the week and it was great to feel a sense of giving back to the community. That being said, I don't know if it got us better service really. All of the staff is amazing. We were greeted with service with a smile in almost every instance. There are a lot of families throughout the resort, however I personally don't feel it took anything away from our experience. If you are looking for a quiet couples retreat, there are other places that would better suit your needs. The best thing about this resort was that whatever your mood, you could find the right atmosphere. There was always someone drinking during the day at the swim up bar, always some game to play and also plently of places to lay quietly. The beach was much better than I imagined. Sea weed in the ocean is not the resort's fault, and really there wasn't that much of it. The beach was beautiful and chairs were always plenty. There is a great reef just off the beach that even a first time snorkeler could conquer. There were a surprising amount of fish and aquatic life there. If there was El Presidente here in the states, I would drink it constantly. It was delicious. There is always a place to have a drink during the day or night. My one complaint was that the bars closed at 12am and could have stayed open later. There was an after hours club, but it was difficult to talk and not for everyone's taste. Other than that, the resort was great and if I could do my wedding all over again, I would pick this resort. I will be reviewing the wedding itself on the Dreams forum on their website as I have many things I feel might be helpful for couples. I will say overall it was wonderful and we had an absolute blast! The beach setting is beautiful. Good luck in your travels. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3536,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":3532},{"endOffset":3536,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":3532}]}