{"text":"Charming hotel in a great location We loved this hotel and the staff! The reviews in Frommers , Travel Advisor,  Rick Steves convinced me to give it a try; I was rewarded with a lovely experience. My three adult children, my son's finance  I went to Italy for 14 days on July 1. It was a once-in-a-lifetime trip. We wanted an Italian experience, not Holiday Inn in Italy. Torre Guelfa exceeded our expectations. From the enormous wooden, castle-like doors at the street level, tile floors, lovely common areas, and friendly staff we were treated to Italian ambience. Each of our rooms was unique. We stayed on the first floor in three rooms. Bathrooms were small, showers-only, but by no means the smallest bathroom we experienced in Italy! Everything was clean and in good repair. The air-conditioning in the rooms was a welcome relief from the July heat. Our rooms overlooked the front door on ground level. The hotel is about 1.5 blocks from the Ponte Vecchio so the street can be quite lively at night. Light sleepers might have trouble with the 1st floor. We were there 5 nights and only one night did the noise level rise to the degree I found it difficult. (Large group of young people at a wine bar across the street, spilled out to the street.) It is also easy walking distance to most things in Florence. Pitti Palace  the Uffizi are just down the street. In fact, we walked everywhere in Florence. The tower offers a fabulous view of the city. Watching the sun set from this vantage point is breath-taking. The staff also helped us book a tour and provided suggestions on places to visit. Most of the staff we encountered are fluent in English which was very helpful. The only criticism I have is that the breakfast eating area is quite small and there is no real system for identifying who is next. We had tours booked early in the morning, with 5 in our group, it was challenging to get us all in to breakfast before we had to leave, so twice we left without breakfast. Even with this inconvenience, our stay was fabulous. I highly recommend this hotel. ","annotations":[]}