{"text":"Fantastic - would happily return! Family of 2 adults and 2 kids 5 and 18 months, found this resort totally perfect for us!Booked a Deluxe suite and were upgraded on arrival to Club Suite which was huge, living room with sofa bed, large tv, dining suite, large bedroom with king bed, tv and separate terrace, requested floor level due to baby and got it. Bathroom was also huge with separate bath and shower with all ammenities in perfect working order, including inroom digital safe.Staff were consistantly welcoming, warm and attentive. Business centre was fine for internet access but was out of service sometimes but never for too long.Money changer was competitive rate and provided reciept and counted conversion on table in front of you and happy to watch you count back, always found to be honest and reliable - never had problems. Drug store was limited but fine for quick, emergency supplies (like icecreams and drinks) but quite expensive so we stocked up in Kuta most days and filled our minifridge in room with supplies.Bluebird taxi from hotel great (aircon and metered)- never were on time for hotel shuttle so didnt use it but taxi was cheap to kuta 20-30000 rupiah each way to kuta beach\/poppies lanes. Hotel restauants were good but a bit more pricey than Kuta, used them for first few nights then ventured into town after that and found them more enjoyable and cheaper but room service was still affordable and satisfying and the pizzaria was excellent. Buffet breakfast was vast and delicious, egg corner make whatever style egg you want - yum!Concierge sometimes try to convince you to use hotel taxi but these are more expensive though larger in size than normal taxi so we used bluebirds.Hawkers on beach were very nice and not too pushy. Did my daughters and my hair braiding for $12 aud each but found kuta do for $9. Lady on hotel beach did our laundry there too and brought back next day perfectly clean and folded - best smelling clothes we have ever had!Kids club is only slight greivance we had, the inside was totally fine with ample entertainment and friendly staff but the exterior needs attention. The mini pool was dirty and mosquito ridden, the climbing forts had very dirty sand (kids returned black from playing in it) and the trampoline was rusty on the outside springs - not best for tetnus! although it did at least have a net around it but it didnt close properly. We found the kids mostly liked playing in the pool anyway so on returning to bali if we chose another location we wont need a kids club as they probably wouldn't use it anyway!Overall would stay at the Patra again in a second if we go back, kids felt right at home so we were happy and never wanted for what we didnt have. Airport proximity was never a problem with noise - only ever noticed planes when in the pool. Beach sea wall construction noise was also never a problem, only barely noticible in the still of night and even then just the occasional thumping that was distant and not disturbing.Staying here was on the majority the reason for our memorable and enjoyable first overseas family holiday so well recommended to anyone.P.s. we tried to extend our stay for four days but the Indonesian Prime Minister was arriving the next day after our due departure so the resort was booked out! Many Army officials and people checking out the complex the day before we left too. Also President George Bush has stayed here and several Australian government officials too so we were told by several taxi drivers.Hope you enjoy this report and your stay at the Patra :-) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1991,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1987},{"endOffset":2541,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":2537}]}