{"text":"Love the Hotel du Cadran The hotel is in an excellent, safe location just a few minutes walk from the Eiffel tower. There are restaurants right outside the hotel along with grocery stores,a post office, a few places to shop and about a block away from a metro station.We highly reccommend Cafe Central right outside the hotel for dinner, we had a some spectacular dinners here. Our waiter got to know us and would just bring out our usual drinks. The risotto with asparagus and chicken is great, the pan seared tuna and my husband had a duck entree that was out of this world!The room we had, 505, was small but expected, newly decorated and clean. We could see the Eiffel at night from our room. They have hairdryers in each room and an iron you can borrow from the front desk. The hairdryer in the bathroom has an outlet fit for U.S wattage that we used to plug our cell phones into but you will need a converter for anything else. We only had two issues, the closet in this room was more like a cabinet without a bottom in it. The cabinet took up most of the wall space on one side of the bed and if you weren't careful could hurt yourself (which we did a couple of times). The other issue was the shower, there isn't a shower curtain so by the time your done water was everywhere and there isn't a shelf to put soap, shampoo, etc. All in all minor things we could live with and we would definately stay here again. I went in a friends room, 404, and it was a corner room with two windows, also with a view of the Eiffel. This room was much larger, has a bathtub with a shower and full sized closet. If we go back I'd probably opt for this type of room if available.The hotel also arranged a shuttle service to pick us up from the airport and take us back. We had a minor mix up on the pick up but it all worked out. It costs 60 EUR, cash only, and we would use their service again also.The staff was very helpful, courteous and willing to help provide whatever we needed. It was a pleasant stay and after seeing some of the pictures of hotels in Paris on Tripadvisor we were very relieved to see we choose the right one. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":503,"mention":"pan","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pan-bagnat"],"startOffset":500}]}