{"text":"Great staff- Lousy Location This is a great resort if you have kids and want a place where you don't have to do anything. You can stay here and not have to leave, because there's 8 restaurants, two pools, a huge beach and an abundance of activities. I wouldn't go back though. We found the restaurants overpriced for what you got (a typical evening meal for two of us with a nice bottle of wine and including tip was in the US$200 range), and the service was somewhat spotty. We went to Aqualuna for our anniversary dinner, and while our waiter was great, we felt completely rushed through our meal when our main course showed up while we were still eating our appetizers. Our meal at Palio was good, but we were surrounded by families with tired cranky kids and when we asked to move were told there was no other table available. We didn't like the location of the resort all that much (although that is totally personal preference) because it was a long way from anywhere, and there was really no way to experience the island without paying a huge amount for taxi or taking one of the organized tours. We did book with the concierge for the Old San Juan tour and the El Yunque tour and thoroughly enjoyed both. There was lots of time for just doing your own thing, which we appreciated. We liked the actual resort for places to walk and run, and while we aren't golfers, we talked to a lot of people who said the golfing was great. Evenings were a bit quiet, and we found there wasn't a lot to do if you didn't want to sit and drink in the bar. The beach bar closed at 5:30 which was disappointing because there wasn't a lot happening outside in the evenings. The staff for the most part were friendly and helpful, and the internal shuttle was convenient. Another suggestion - if you're staying in a mountain view room, ask for one that isn't on top of the parking lot\/entrance to the hotel. It wasn't that pleasant to sit out on our little deck and have to put up with the noise of cars and shuttle buses coming and going. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":379,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":375}]}