{"text":"2 Weeks at the Punta Cana Princess We stayed at the Punta Cana Princess From April 7 to April 21 and our stay at the resort was for the most part enjoyable.This is a lovely well kept resort . The grounds are perfect and the pool and beach are spectacular. This resort seems to be maintained better than its two sister resorts next door.We found the food to be better than most resorts we have visited ( 4th time to the DR) and there were always lots of choice at the buffett each night. We ate at 4 of the restaurants are they were all good - Steak house, mexican, fondue and italian. The restaurants on the resort don't take reservations so you need to show up early (before 7PM) or you could be in for a long wait. The restaurants of the sister resorts next door need to be reserved and I like this better as you know there will be a table available for you.This is a very quiet resort with little night life - after 10PM everybody is gone to bed, Perfect if this is what you want but don't expect it to be party central. You can go next door to see a show or go to the disco (only has free drinks from 11-12) if you want a bit more nightlife.I had a few issues with trying to get a place to lie down at the beach or pool. People are up as early as 5:30 reserving their chairs and by 8;00 there is nothing left. Hotel policy says this is not allowed but everyone including the staff ignores this. They really could use more loungers on both the pool and beach areas.Service at the buffett is good but there were times that it seems the staff were overworked and it was difficult to get a second glass of wine or water.The biggest issue I had was with fly bites. The first week we were there it was windy day and night and we had a few bites despite wearing repellant every day. On our second week the wind died down and we were literally eaten alive. I was getting 3 or 4 new bites each day and the old bites would not heal. It came to the point I did not want to go out after dark as I could not handle getting any new bites. There were not Mosquitoes but very small flies that had a huge bite and did not seem to know that DEET was not the main course for their dinner..This resort and its two sisters resorts are surrounded by a huge swamp that is the perfect breeding ground for these pesky bugs. Their were alot of people complaining about this on our trip home. For this reason I would not return to this resort as the bites were very painful - enough that I could not sleep at night. The bites on my arms became infected and I am now taking antibiotics 4 a day for 10 days to clear this up.They really need to deal with this issue if they want people to return. ","annotations":[]}