{"text":"1st week Fantastic 2nd not so good Me and my girlfriend stayed at this hotel from the 12th - 26th July. The GroundsThis is a new hotel, so the grounds were beutiful The villia's are spaced out, there are about 10 blocks of rooms, 5 1 side and another 5 the other side. We stayed in Villa 9 which was opposite the pool. Other people have said it is a long walk to the resturants, IT ISN'T. It takes about 3-5 minutes. Your on holiday so take a stroll down! Their is a buggy that goes back and forth. It was funny seeing people running for the cart, kind of defeated the object I thought!The RoomPeople have said the rooms smelt musty, they didn't. The room was a nice size, good amount of space to put all your clothes. The bathroom was good, jucuzzi bath and 2 sinks. I tipped the maid each day, wrote a note asking for some beer and she left some for me.- The maids seemed to come late in the day, about 4.30- 5.00pm. We met some people who had upgraded to the deluxe junior suite, there room was not bigger,. but the bathroom was bigger.FoodThe food was nice, it was most probably the best we have had at an all inclusive. The problem that the al a carte resturants had, was that you did not need to book. The first week this was fine, we had no problem, however the second week, the place seemed to get busy and there was a lot of big groups (12-15) they were eating in the al a carte resturants which was taking up a lot of tables and times, we could not get in at all, so ate in the buffet which was good food. All the al a carte were nice, the French resturant which is extra, was ok.Pool AreaWe really enjoyed the hotel, plus the pools were seperated into a lively pool and quite pool which was good, also the 2nd week people were reserving sundbeds at 6 in the morning and not getting to the pool till 3pm!!! I would definatly go back, but at a period that was not so busy as the service did suffer.Tips - Breakfast seemed to get busy at 9.00 - 9.30 when service would get bad, get there a bit earlier and he service will be great!- We got some proffesional photo's done within the hotel the guys name was Dani, they are fanstatic and would recommend these to you, plus they are cheap! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":666,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":662}]}