{"text":"Overall the best in New York and not bad world-wide Stayed at the MONY over 2.5 weeks end May. Having stayed at the Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton Central Park, Essex House and St. Regis before, I can objectively say that the MO has the best overall package.Incentives to stay:1) Modern and new, it is not frayed like the Ritz-Carlton and 4 Seasons and occupies a modern building without the creaks and sounds like at the Ritz-Carlton just down the road.2) The rooms are very spacious for central park hotels. Stayed in a standard room.3) All rooms have a view. Either Central Park or the Hudson. While many of the park views are partially blocked by the Trump, for the same price at the others I've mentioned above, frankly you'd be looking at the air well or another room's window.4) The concierge is excellent. They were friendly, on the ball and went out of their way. Only the 4 Seasons and I hear, the Carlyle, can compare or exceed.5) The techno deck-out in the room is the best I've encountered in NY. TV in bathroom, fax machine and multi-line phone for conference calls and internet on the flat-screen TV are standard features.6) A lot of people write it's expensive. Frankly, I think it's more than reasonable compared to other similar 5 stars along Central Park ways. The Ritz-Carlton charges 10-15% more for far worse. The 4 seasons is also more expensive. You need to compare apples with apples. No point comparing it to say the Novotel or Radisson.Discentives:1) Service is still spotchy. It is getting there but some kinks remain. The doormen do not open the doors or greet you with a smile. Bad first impression.2) Housekeeping can be a little wobbly with replacing things. However, this seems to be a NY\/Western Hemisphere thing in general.3) The partially blocked views as mentioned. To be nitpicking, clear views would be great. However, if you are thinking about moving to the Trump for the view, think again. The same price will not get you a Central Park or even Hudson view. You get a view of a next door building and maybe the MO :-) I checked.4) Having travelled extensively in Asia as well, frankly most hotels in the Western Hemisphere need to catch up. Service, amenities, room space all pale next to the Asian hotels. I don't look at cost since cost of living is far higher in NY compared to say, Bangkok. Still, MONY is the closest I've come across in the U.S. to a class act nearly on par with it's Asian counterparts.It is my pick for a NY hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":128,"mention":"Four Seasons","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Four_Seasons_Restaurant"],"startOffset":116}]}