{"text":"I would not return here!! We just got back from our stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical; we stayed there from Thursday 7\/31-Monday 8\/4. Leading up to our departure, I had been reading the reviews on TripAdvisor and I have to say that most have been on the money. If you are looking for a clean room with plenty of towels (including wash clothes) and good service, then definitely book Royal Service. I can't stress that enough. Upon arrival, we waited in line to be checked in for over an hour. There didn't appear to be any particular reason why we waited this long (there were probably 8 people in front of us when we arrived); the service is just very slow! We were determined not to let this bother us (as we had read on TripAdvisor that this was an issue here). We requested to be in a building near the beach so the manager put us in building 32 and asked us not to go to our room for an hour as they were still getting it ready (it was about 4:30pm at this point). We readily agreed and went to get some food and waited about an hour and a half before heading to our room. When we arrived, there were about 4 Maintenance people in our room working on the ceiling\/plumbing in the bathroom. The head maintenance person actually asked us if someone had sent us to this room? He seemed very surprised that they would book someone in this room. I asked him if we should call and try to get moved and he said no and it would be no problem but just give him another hour. Needless to say, the first night it rained hard and the bathroom floor was soaked from the leak. We also saw large insects in the bathroom. We called to complain and they said that they would send someone over first thing in the morning to fix the leak but no one ever showed. Since our stay was relatively short, we decided it wasn't worth the hassle of dealing with their management and trying to get moved. We read that it is a good idea to tip so that you get better service. We tipped everyone. In hindsight, I think that it was really only worth it (if you are looking for better service) to tip the maid and bartenders.The casino was shady. One of the dealers actually told my boyfriend that he wanted to punch him. My boyfriend had done well at the casino over the past few nights and had done very well off of that particular dealer the night prior. I promise you that our actions had not warranted this threat!! We were always very pleasant and courteous to all the dealers (especially with tipping).The food was average\/below average. The Japanese restaurant is definitely the best. You are definitely hounded by people trying to get you to purchase their time share. We didn't have any issues getting restaurant reservations. We went to the spa for massages and they were very nice there. The grounds are beautiful and very well kept. The place is huge (and confusing to get around as there are few signs) however that didn't bother us as we didn't mind walking.We absolutely made the best of this and tried hard to not let it ruin our vacation. I think our experience in Punta Cana would have been much better had we stayed somewhere else. ","annotations":[]}