{"text":"So sorry, but can't recommend to friends and family We spent a week at the Hotel Splendid Etoile in the late July. We chose this hotel based upon its fabulous location, and the positive TA reviews. Reservations were made on line, with hotel staff, who were very acommodating and pleasant via email. Our request for a room with a view of the Arc was granted, and we were given a lovely corner room with an updated marble bathroom. The hotel is rather plain and charmless, but the rooms are well-soundproofed and pretty, the location is fantastic and we were quite comfortable throughout our stay. Sadly, I cannot recommend the hotel, though. The front desk staff are not uniformly pleasant and helpful. I speak some high school\/college french, and they all speak excellent english, so it was certainly not a language issue.We would have been happy to recommend the hotel, were it not for one extremely unpleasant incident. The airconditioning system in our room was not functioning properly, and we were startled to find one afternoon, a sopping wet rug beneath the ceiling unit -- apparently from dripping condensation. The moisture was so great that the unit also dripped water in to the adjacent closet where my husbands clothes were stacked on the shelf. His clothes were soaked. A poorly functioning airconditioner is certainly not reason to be unhappy with the hotel, but what happened next is. My husband took his wet clothes down to the front desk to explain the situation. He requested that the clothes be cleaned, and that someone come look at the unit. A very nice young man saw the soaked carpet, and sent a repairman shortly thereafter. As it was a Sunday, the repairman was not a professional, and did nothing to repair the unit. The next Monday, while breakfasting downstairs, the day manager approached us at our table. She told us that according to the repairman, there was nothing wrong with the airconditioning unit, and that if we wanted our clothes cleaned, we would have to pay for it. My husband and I were flabbergasted. We are very honest people, and would never THINK of creating such an elaborate scam to get clothes cleaned. I took the manager up to our room, where she saw the wet rug and visible water drips on the wall. This was her opportunity to offer up a heartfelt apology, but it never came. She insisted that it was reasonable policy to assume the worst of the guests (after all, just that morning, some guests had run off with 80 euros of mini-bar). She explained to me that, You would be surprised at the things people will do to get their laundry done.I found this behavior unprofessional and simply, unkind. Call me naive, but I thought people went in to the hospitality business because they genuinely like serving the public. This particular manager seemed not to like her job, let alone people.Although I can't recommend the hotel for the above reason, it has its strong points. If you do stay there, don't expect pleasant, professional treatment from all the front desk staff. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":89,"mention":"Hotel Splendid","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hotel_Splendid"],"startOffset":75},{"endOffset":1574,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1570}]}