{"text":"A Very Pleasant Experience My fiance and I were recently in Amsterdam for 5 days celebrating our engagement. This was a surprise trip for her, so I picked Banks Mansion for our acommodation. We were both very happy with the choice. I asked them to provide flowers for my fiance in the room, which they did, a very beautiful boquet at that. They also put us in a great room, with a beautiful, expansive view of Heren canal.The rain shower was nice, the bath was OK, a little small (fine for 1 person). The luxury touches, like free drinks and snacks, and a pillow menu, were nice, although we only took minimal advantage of them. To me those things weren't really a big deal, but at least they weren't distracting. We only had breakfast there one day, but it was fine, no complaints.I was also impressed with the management's response to an issue that came up. I had booked well in advance, but noticed their prices had dropped, and they were running a special, for the time we would be there. After emailing, they told me to modify my reservation online and I would get the better price. I did that, but I either messed up the process, or somehow the modification wasn't transmitted to them (although I did email them immediately after I had modified it, telling them the same). While I was unable to get the better price before checking out (they told me since they didn't get the info, there was nothing they could do), once I got back state-side, I emailed management about the issue and promptly recieved a return phone call. After explaining the situation, they offered me a credit on a future room or a refund for the amount in the difference in pricing. I chose the later and, indeed, the money was refunded on my credit card. So I appreciated their understanding and acomodation.Finally, the location is great - its right on the edge between what we felt like was the touristy part of Amsterdam (i.e. in between Central Staation and the first of the 3 big canals, Heren Canal), and the more real, residential part of Amsterdam, like the Jordaan area. We enjoyed having access to both, and spent a lot of time walking around some new areas neither of us had yet explored (we've both been to Amsterdam several times). Because its right on Herengraght, too, it makes it easy to walk anywhere East or West. Definitely great location.We would definitely stay here again (and will next time we're in Amsterdam). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1867,"mention":"like","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Like_Cola"],"startOffset":1863}]}