{"text":"Details, Details, Details!! Excellent Hotel! First let me say as my screen name implies, I enjoy weekend getaways when I can. I am an HHonors member as well, so I tend to frequent Hilton chain hotels...Negatives first: This is not much of a negative, actually, since thisis an airport hotel. For anyone who does not know this area, it may be daunting, but this Hampton is in the heart of a very Latino area with some very good food places just a short drive away! Positives: This is the nicest Hampton I have stayed in! There is an attention to detail in the rooms that I have not seen at any other. It's amazing! I had a one bedroom suite that was absolutely spacious and is actually set up for long term stays with a 2 burner stove top, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, full sized fridge and all the utensils necessary ( including dish washing liquid and paper towels...again, details) The room was spotless and clean! The staff, from the front desk to the buffet hostesses to housekeeping must have taken a Disney course in etiquette because they are excellent!The pool(dawn to dusk) area is on the second floor as is the fitness room(6am to midnight) and the breakfast area ( with a large plasma TV for the AM news... again, details). One glitch during our stay was the Hot Tub was not working, but no worries there, since the pool area was just fine.Parking is on the first and second floor and requires a room key for entry into the gated garage. The first floor is covered, the second is not. We didn't use it, but there was an airport shuttle schedule posted at the front desk area.There is a convenience store (next to the front desk) with various snack foods and microwaveable items and of course, ice cream for the midnight munchies.On the first floor is also the business center with 3 computers. Of course as with other Hamptons is the complimentary Wireless Internet.Across the street is a Publix for grocery shopping and a 24 hour CVS drug store. For the fast food junkies, Wendy's, McDonald's and Pollo Tropical is a block or two away. 94th Aero Squadron is a good restaurant if you are looking for Prime Rib, but with its central proximity, this hotel is close to the fine dining of Coral Gables(15-20min drive south on 57 avenue - depending on the time of day). For an open air Latin experience, and I do mean open air kind of roughing it, the Palacios de Jugos is south on 57 ave and West Flagler. The specialty is chicharonnes( fried pork) and tamals as well as fresh fruits and juices. Beware, this is no way fancy, but you get a bit of the Miami, Latin flavor the way the locals experience unlike the South Beach experience which is definitely not the Real Miami.OK, to finish up the hotel review.. There is also Lodge Net for in-room movies and also free HBO with 27 inch TV's ( 2 in the suite)...And of course, here we go again, as in my other reviews, The Bed.. very comfortable... Yep it's a Hampton and then some! FYI, I have stayed at the airport Hilton( Super Bowl Headquarters for the Chicago Bears) about a half mile away. This place is way better in my eyes for the quick overnight(regular room) or long-term stay( suite), from an overall value and cleanliness standpoint. If you are looking for full service (room service and restaurants), then this isn't it, but it is understandable how this Hampton beats all the other full-service hotels on Trip Advisor. Details...Details... Details ","annotations":[{"endOffset":765,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":759},{"endOffset":1718,"mention":"ice cream","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Ice_cream"],"startOffset":1709}]}