{"text":"Absolutely Beautiful!! Let me start by saying I'm a 30 year old guy and I'm not one of these people that have never traveled before and then come straight home to write a review about how wonderful there vacation was, because lets face it, first time in the Carribean, how could it be bad? I've been all over the world, and have stayed in many 5 star resorts. The Gran Melia is world class. The staff was amazingly helpful, the restaurants were some of the best I've ever been to in my life ANYWHERE!! The rooms were absolutely perfect. Even the beds were top notch with plush pillow top mattresses, down comforters and large down pillows. If you need to get out and roam, this is not the resort for you, as you are miles away from anything, however there is so much to do right there at the resort I can't imagine why you would need to go anywhere. If you want to rent a car, rent it at the airport, not the resort! They wanted over $300 for 4 days, and we ended up renting at Enterprise for about $125 insurance included ( after driving in Puerto Rico I highly recommend taking there insurance). Taxi fares are not cheap! To get from the resort to the airport was about 30 miles and cost $80 dollars each way, but remember, you're still basically in the United States. Wages are the same, and cost of living is very high here unlike most destinations in the Carribean, so don't expect to come here and rack up on some over priced brand name purses, because everything is priced basically the same as in the states. Through the resort you can contact a guy named Angel for some of the best scuba diving I have ever done in my life. All day tour for about $175 per person, lunch and beer included! Great value, great guy! Oh yeah, Donald Trump is building a couple hundred condos on the same property as the resort (Don't worry, you don't even know the construction is going on, this place encompasses over 2000 acres), and Trump also has two 18 hole golf courses (PGA tour 2008-2011) on the property. As I said I would recommend this resort to anyone wanting to relax, be totally pampered, and enjoy some of the benefits of the good life. By the way, I read somewhere that the place was overcrowded with locals paying only a small daily fee to get in. This is somewhat true, but undestand that these people are paying abut $50 dollars per person for only the use of the swimming pool and a few of the other pleasures of the resort. A family of 4 cost about $200, so your not dealing with a bunch of out of control kids running around with one adult trying to wrangle them, these people are paying very good money for the day use only of these things, and are not a problem at all. Oh yeah, the casino is very nice, and drinks thre are always free (Hold'em tournament every Saturday Night) ","annotations":[]}