{"text":"Excellent value for money I always pay more attention to comments from fellow travellers rather than the guide books and I am glad to say that this time also I did not regret my decision. Direct booking was easy, e-mails answered promptly. Stayed in room 311, an apartment suite with two adjoining rooms (one with a sofabed) with plenty of room for my daughters (8  3 years) to jump around. Separate TV for them as well !! Rooms smallish by North American standard but excellent by Paris standard !! Furnishing simple but adequate. Bed very comfortable. Nice spacious bathroom with good water pressure. No tea\/coffee in room but they provided us with a kettle. Minibar expensive as usual. We kept milk in the fridge for our children and no one objected.Location is superb. It took us 20 minutes and 13 euros by taxi from Gare-du-Nord, travelling on a Saturday afternoon. CDG Etoile is 5 minutes walk. 47 minutes to Disneyland by RER. Jardin d'Acclimatation was just 20 minutes walk and we had much more fun there compared to the sugar coated commercialism of Disneyland. Strongly recommended if you have young children.Breakfast slightly pricey and we ate for first two days only. Plenty of eateries within easy reach including McDonald, Quick and Hippopotamus . There is a branch of Monoprix supermarket very close for grocery and other stuff. All the staff were very friendly with special thanks to Aurelle and Yohann.My only gripe is that soundproofing is less than satisfactory and on the first night my sleep was badly affected by 2 little girls running in the corridoor between 2 rooms. This restarted again next night around midnight and this time I had to speak to their guardians politely but firmly and thankfully it stopped. The familes moved away subsequently and I had reasonably peaceful nights afterwards although we could hear our upstairs neighbours from time to time. On the whole a very satisfying experience and I won't hesitate to recommend this hotel for families. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":558,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":554}]}