{"text":"Great Location for UBahn, Good value with a deal The hotel is located 50m from a UBahn station which makes up for the fact there are not a lot of bars etc in the immediate vicinity. We found it very easy to go a few stops on the UBahn to a more lively area especially as the U2 line runs until 12:45 on weekdays and 0300 on a Saturday night. There is a corner shop 50m away for drinks etc at a fraction of the minibar rates. Australians may find it useful to note that the hotel is next door to the Australian Embassy and there is also an Australian shop a few doors a way.The hotel itself was of a good standard without being too over the top. One very useful feature we dont get in the UK much at this budget was aircon which was vital bearing in mind the windows could not be opened due to mosquitos from the nearby river. The only negative point was the bathroom which did not have enough ventilation leading to an equatorial feel for an hour after someone had showered. The shower was also badly designed so that it flooded the bathroom floor no matter how the curtain was positioned. The overall standard was very similar to a uk Travelinn. We got a deal and paid around 拢60 per night which was good value.We didnt eat at the hotel as the menus looked very expensive and we preferred to eat on the go whilst sightseeing. We found it is best to shop around as there is widely varying value for food in Berlin.The best way to travel around the city is to get the 3 day welcome card. Our advice is to get the ticket from a machine which speaks english as there are a number of similar but different tickets and it is easy to get the wrong one from a non-english speaking advisor in a station info centre. You can then pick up the voucher book from a station info centre when passing. Make sure you get the right type of info centre though as we queued at several (There seems to be seperate ones for the UBahn SBahn and normal trains) getting blank looks before finding the right one (the SBahn). Obviously the best thing is to make the effort to learn some German!! ","annotations":[]}