{"text":"A bit of a mixed bag! My now wife and I wanted a good hotel to stay in after we disembarked in New York from our transAtlantic voyage on the QM2.This was our honeymoon so we wanted everything to be just right. Extensive reading of the reviews on Tripadvisor gave us a short list and in the end we selected the Affinia Dumont. Having booked and paid through Expedia many months ago I emailed and telephoned the hotel, explaining our circumstances and requesting a room on a high floor with a view towards the Chrysler Building. On arrival there seemed to be no record of that request and we were given a suite on floor 24 overlooking the East River. Our inital impressions of the suite were not too great. The decor and furniture were very dark and drab and we did not have the view for which we had hoped. The bathroom was extremely small.However, the suite was otherwise very spacious and had a full if tiny kitchen, a mini hifi system, a large wardrobe between the two rooms and a huge and very comfortable bed. On inspection, we found the drawers in the fitted bedroom furniture to be very dusty and the cleanliness in general seemed less than ideal. There was thick dust on the skirting boards adjacent to the bed.However, the suite was pretty quiet, being away from the 34th Street side. The only exception was the very loud slamming of doors on our floor.During our stay we found the front desk staff to be very helpful and the bell staff were outstandingly helpful, cheerful and polite. It always felt good to get back to the hotel after a busy day sightseeing or shopping. The room had always been adequately serviced in our absence.The Murray Hill area is very pleasant and we ate in several neighbourhood restaurants and thoroughly enjoyed each of them. The convenience store on the corner stocked all we needed to make our own breakfasts.We didn't use the Spa (we walked miles in the city every day as it was!) or the Barking Dog bar\/grill next door so cannot comment on them. We got through three sets of electronic door keys during our six night stay. Apparently they tend to fail if placed near a mobile phone or credit cards, or if subjected to the extensive security screening that we went through going on to the Liberty\/Ellis Island ferry, a helicopter ride or up the Rockefeller Center or the Empire State building. This seemed a bit feeble to us.Our other negative comments were about the lighting in the sitting room in our suite. Too dim to read by once the curtains were closed. And very old fashioned CRT TVs which made the (chargable) TV internet almost unusable.A couple of days before departure I booked an SUV to take us and our rather extensive baggage to JFK. Bang on time, a stretch limo showed up! Luckily the driver squeezed most of our bags in the trunk and took one up front with himself!Would we stay there again? Probably. The location and size of the rooms really suited us and we liked the attitude of everyone on the staff we encountered. The subway is a very short walk away and 34th Street is home to both Macy's and the Empire State Building. Could it be better? Absolutely. Our room was definitely tired and in need of some brightening up. ","annotations":[]}