{"text":"great location to see the sights This hotel is a great location to launch a sightseeing tour with the family and as previous reviews stated - the ferry is  10min walk away (note the first boat starts at 10am on weekends)  goes straight to the aquarium  the grocer is about 10 min up a different road as well. We stayed in a 2 bed suite - didn't have a view of the harbour (which is lovely) - had a view of the interesting bridge with many trucks, trains, cranes - a hit with our toddler. The USS Constitution ship  museum nearby were also highlights of our stay. We managed to catch 'robot wars' at the science museum staged by MIT teams - little robot teams playing an aggressive soccer tourney  the great lightning\/thunderstorm show in the electricity hall. Breakfast at the hotel was extensive ( was best brought up to the room), the kids had fun in the swimming pool  whirlpool (although the pool bottom was soiled with dirt the first night), the fitness room had a good array of treadmills with a view of the harbour, there was only one tiny wastebasket in the suite  it would have been nice to have a small bottle of dishsoap  a scrub pad ( as many other residence inns\/suites provide) - the pots  pans were worn  had blackened bottoms (ie. how to remove without a proper scrub pad?  no the maids do not do dishes), laundry rooms are not available on even numbered floors (except possibly the 8th) despite the sign on the 6th floor point to a guest laundry (yep, tried to enter someone else's room - it said laundry this way) - the larger suites are at the end of the hallways  if you're really lucky it looks like you can have a large suite right by the elevator, across from the laundry room or mechanical room but with a view of the harbour on an odd numbered floor ending in a 00  here's a tip - a fellow across at the public parkade told me where to park for free - there's a small strip of parking for about 20 - 30 cars between the hotel  the bridge (yep we could see ourcar directly below from our room) which is public parking. When I asked at the front desk - they confirmed this 'sotto voiced' - that yes it's free  yes you can leave your car there as long as you like. It seemed quite safe  sought after judging by the number of higher end SUVs cruising about nipping in looking for a spot. Don't park in front of the doors which say don't park here  don't park on the crossed strips which say parking prohibited - a yellow warning tag will appear on your shield. ","annotations":[]}