{"text":"Excellent cheap stay in the heart of San Francisco This was my first trip to San Francisco. I arrived at the hotel around 9:30 at night and wasn't sure what to expect given the bargin price and the location on the edge of the notorious Tenderloin. I was so pleasantly surprised - a well lit enterance with a big plant outside announced Welcome home for the next ten days.Because I arrived after office hours I let myself in with the door code which had been emailed to me a week before. My first thought upon entering was this is a well maintained older building . My room was up the stairs on the second floor (I also received this info in an email). The room was small but had in it a double bed, desk, chair, night stand and a one drawer bureau with a tv on it. Against one wall was the kitchen area included here was a toaster, microwave, coffeemaker (including coffee), fridge (big enough for a 12lb watermelon!), a sink and a drawer full of the essential utensils (corkscrew? - check). It was tight but perfectly capable of sustaining me for ten days and I was really happy to have it.The smallness of the bathroom cannot be overstated. There was *just* enough room for the toilet, sink and tub with shower. However, it was clean and well stocked with toilet paper, soap and towels. Other nice conveinences - a full length mirror on the bathroom door and a three tiered shelf for personal items.The room also had a narrow walk-in closet with a light, shelves, a rod with hangers and a couple of hooks on the door.I felt management was really great with communication. I got all my information very timely through email and once I was there the manager was available in his office during the day. In my room was a very clear sheet of instructions on how to use the phone and receive messages and the password for the hotel wi-fi (a fabulous bonus). Laundry in the basement (basement was not at all scary or uninviting) was available for guests after 5:00pm - two washers, two dryers.I felt the location was perfectly safe. Though I did make the decision to walk along Geary St (a bustling street) to get to where I was going rather than some of the quiter streets. There are a ton of resturants (both cheap and expensive), pharmacies and corner stores (with everything you'd need) around.Though I loved this place, would stay there again and would recommend it to my mother I will list a couple of not so perfect things.I was there in February and the daily temperature was +18c (I think this is unusual for San Francisco in February) I found the room was a bit too warm. I didn't leave the windows wide open when I left for the day because there were no screens and plenty of piegons. It did cool down some in the evening when I returned and opened the windows wider but I don't know if this would be effective in the middle of summer.Light sleepers might fine the walls a bit thin. For two nights my neighbour woke me up with late night tv watching and guitar playing though I don't think either was done at an unreasonable volume. I never heard walking from overhead, just noise from next door. And it only lasted two nights. The new neighbours were very quiet.I say my overall experience was excellent but I like small spaces in old buildings and big windows which open like doors and have no screens. When I travel I like to feel I have a home and I like to be left alone. The maid came by every three days (I was never in the room) and for me that was plenty. It wasn't luxury but there wasn't anything I thought the room was missing. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":872,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":866},{"endOffset":1299,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1295}]}