{"text":"The stay was OK, but would not recommend to anyone to go there We have just returned from a week at the Bavaro Princess All Suites. The hotel is average and we have experienced very por level of service. We stayed in bungalow #34, which was very close to the beach and the pool. To get to the Main Buffet we had to either walk about 15 mins or take a train they have running every 5 mins or so.We stayed on a 1st floor and I could feel a musty smell all 7 days. The rooms are quite old and especially bathroom was in a poor condition, crying for a renovation.The pool is lovely. The towel distribution guys (from animation team) were rude. They ran out of towels several times per our stay. The working hours of towels' service (9 AM - 6PM) do not correspond to the hours available for swimming at sea or the pool (7 am - 7 PM). The waitress or waiters showed up only 2 or 3 times at the pool area during our 7 days stay, and without taking orders but for distributing remaining drinks they had with them.The shade lounges on a beach are occupied \/ reserved before 7:15 AM and we WERE NOT able to get a spot in the shade on a beach. Our friends got lounges for us near the pool instead.Restaurants are waste of time - we tried Chopin (so-so) and a Stake House - really bad. While the food is not very good, the service is horrible - they forget what orders they take, what drinks we ask, etc. This is applicable to the whole resort - they can't handle orders properly and usually (in 50%) you would not get what you asked for. On our day #2 we ordered 4 Cokes for kids and waited for them over 40 minutes and reminded at least twice until I went to the buffet manager and he took this under his own control. He tried to do something to impress us and not to carry the incident in a memory and arranged our special table reservation for 12 people every evening in the buffet. Nothing more than that, but a t least a try.Overall I would say this is probably the worst hotel we have ever stayed in D.R. and Mexico. The best part of this travel was the beach and the weather - excellent 7 days. It looks like we would have to stick with better chains, such as Iberostar, to get a better service. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1233,"mention":"Chopin","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chopin_vodka"],"startOffset":1227}]}