{"text":"Villa Montana is Awesome We just came back from celebrating our wedding in Villa Montana on 5\/19. Let me tell you that they did an exceptional and outstanding job. They catered to us and our guests need as best as humanly possible. The staff went above and beyond to make sure that we were happy. I recommend anyone who wants to marry in PR to go there. If you are looking for laid back and quiet this is your place. Alot of people dont seem to understand that the part of the island that VillaMontana is located at is known for surfing, that is why the beach is rough, this is not Villa Montana's fault. Nature plays a hand in it entirely. Both restuarants are awesome Eclipse and O, I have read negative comments on them and let me start by saying that this is notthe United States Mainland where everything is done quick, even in New York we see negatives. Villa Montana runs on a limited staff and is working at its best to make sure that everyone has there orders. I personally believe that with time they will be above exceptional. Most people should stop comparing Villa Montana with bigger hotels, it is not it is a remote place to spend quiet time and relax. Our wedding was held on the beach and it was marvelous. Lizbeth the coordinator went above and beyond and she deserves praise and admiration, it is not an easy job dealing with brides aboard, I am one of them. I am extremely great ful to her and Shakira from Front Desk who showed us what a real employee- guest relationship is. We loved them both and can not wait to go back. The rooms were great. We had our moments, but it happens with any hotel even the most expensive bigger name kinds, and I can tell you a thing about those hotels, and in all honesty put Villa Montana at the very top of the best list. They have a beautiful beach, if it is too rocky for you to swim, take a walk and you will end up at the Blue Hole, a spectacular snorkeling spot just a few steps from V.M. we spent hoursthere. V.M.'s pools are awesome our son loved it. Again I say Villa Montana and there staff, especially LIZBETH and SHAKIRA are awesome. And we cant wait to see them all again, I hope they dont mind me keeping in touch with them at Villa Montana, they are great workers as well as great friends. And we will miss them dearly now that we are back in NYC. ","annotations":[]}