{"text":"As a Travel Agent, I will be sending my clients here!! As a travel agent, I had 4 hotels in mind for my recent stay In San Francisco. I selected the Chancellor, and I'm So thrilled I did!.From the moment we arrived until the moment we left (Just today), the staff were very friendly and were quick to provide any assistance needed. The hotel rooms are kept very clean, with a huge walk in closet, equiped with umbrella, iron, Board, safe, and plenty of hangers. The bathroom in our room (1500), didnt' have a window, and was a tad on the smaller side (typical for the older hotels), but it served our purpose well, and I must add the towels in this hotel are the BEST smelling towels ANYWHERE! The hotel does have access to an all night parking garage, just about 2 blocks away, which requires you going several blocks in reality to get there, because of the one-way street situation, however you can request valet parking for a few dollars more. (might be worth the grief if you would rather not deal with busy traffic). No car, in my opinion, is necessary in San francisco, unless you plan to take a trip out to Napa or other surrounding areas.The hotel is right next to Sears Restaurant, serving its Famous pancakes. This hotel is not only surrounded by great shopping and restaurants, but you are only about 5 blocks or so from the main entrance of Chinatown, a great convenience!The Cable car runs right out front which makes it great when you are coming back from the Wharf or other areas, you can jump right off and be at the hotel.This hotel is a gem! You will be spending almost half of what the other hotels across the street charge (Sir Francis Drake and Crowne Plaza), but you will be getting the same location, and possible more of old San Francisco Charm in your hotel.You truly can't go wrong here!!! Thanks again to the manager and staff for making our stay a great one! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1218,"mention":"pancakes","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pancake"],"startOffset":1210}]}