{"text":"Worse hotel ever I came to Barcelona because of a conference, and picked the AC because of its distance to the conference center. Apart from being extremely close, there is nothing good about this hotel. Some of my fellow co-workers called this hotel Zen jokingly, because of all the ammenities it lacks. For example, the hotel rooms does not have - a clock, a box of tissues, hair conditioner, a in-room safe, and an iron. I couldn't borrow an iron from the front desk to iron my shirt for work, there was no safe to store my passport, and worse of all... no clock! If you booked this hotel, please remember to bring all these items that comes standard in even the crappest 3 star hotels. Another problem with this hotel is the staff. They have no idea what is going on inside the hotel or outside. E.g. I asked for a non-smoking room and they put me in a room w\/ an ashtray. When I complained, they tried to convince me that it is indeed a non-smoking room, just that guest can at any time request an ashtray. What? Then what's the point of a non-smoking room. I found out from a different staff the next day that my floor 19 was indeed a smoking floor. I also asked for direction to a restaurant and they told me that it is across the street in the mall. I don't speak spainish, but after half an hour of trying to find directions, I went into the Hilton and the staff there told me the restaurant i am looking for is in La Rambles not across the street. Here are other stuff that I found disatifactory with this hotel. The breakfast is pathetic. The only hot items are bacon, disgusting looking eggs, potatoes and blood sausuage (which was also disgusting). The airconditioning of the room sucks. Do not pick a room that faces the water. Otherwise, you'll be waking up at 8am like I have been. The room gets too hot to sleep in once the sun come out.My recommendation, don't stay here. Stay at the Hilton or Princess which has all these basics ammenities and is just as close to the conference center. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1623,"mention":"blood","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Black_pudding"],"startOffset":1618}]}