{"text":"Wonderful Hotel Roemer My wife and I have just got back from an amazing bank holiday weekend in Amsterdam. We wanted to stay somewhere with a boutique feel, and for us it came down to Banks Mansion and Hotel Roemer. As we were already pushing the boat out, and we had found a deal that made Roemer a bit cheaper, we plumped for the latter. So glad we did! Got the train from the airport to central station and found the tram which takes you to Leidseplein. Total cost was about 8.5 euros each compared to about 40 euros from the airport and probably took about the same amount of time. Tram is a great way to get about and get a feel for where you are. Found the hotel easily and was immediately made to feel at home with a glass of wine. After booking in and getting an amazing room upgrade (still not quite sure how we managed that!) we settled in to the suite (room 14) in the basement. I have read reviews about this room, and you definitely have to realise that even though the room is amazing and massive, the trade off is that its under the main eating area and therefore prone to noise. Not quite sure how as there are so many thick rugs up in the breakfast\/bar area. Earplugs and large nightcaps sorted out this problem for us. We certainly can't complain as we got the suite upgrade for free, but I would imagine if you were paying for the extra room, you may be a bit disappointed with the noise. But I hope that doesn't put people off as it was still the best room i've ever stayed in. Great double rain shower, double jacuzzi bath, walk in wardrobe, huge bed (but two singles on a king frame), 3 tv's, nespresso, private access to the garden. Unfortunately the DVD player didn't work. The staff are all very friendly, and I have to agree with other reviewers that it is sometimes a bit chaotic, especially at breakfast time. If its busy you may not get served for a while, so make sure you help yourself to the bits that are out. We weren't sure on the first day whether to help ourselves to drinks etc, but soon learnt that this is the best way of getting on with things there. Treat the place a bit like home from home and it will make it all a lot easier! Cleaning staff are ok, but a bit hot and cold. We liked to take a glass or two of wine down with us when we got back in the evening and by the end of the 3 night stay we had about 10 wine glasses with us! But otherwise it was always spotless. Great location for Van Gogh and Reiksmuseum. Vondelpark is a great place to spend a few chilled hours and the restaurant under the film museum there is a definite recommendation. Would also recommend the canal bus as well. Great way of learning about the canals and seeing the city. All in all an amazing weekend in a perfect hotel. Can highly recommend it. ","annotations":[]}