{"text":"A Disappointing Stay We booked the Elizabeth Hotel via Expedia and checked in on Sunday 8th April 07. There was extensive building work taking place immediately next door to the hotel and so we asked for a quiet room away from the building work. The hotel said it did not have a double or queen bed avaiable on a non-smoking floor and so we were allocated an extremely small twin for our first night's stay. We changed room the next day and whilst it was slightly larger and more comfortable, it was right next to the customer lifts and there was constant machine noise throughout the evening and night. The buffet breakfast was probably the worst we have experienced in terms of food choice and quality, and the surroundings were drab and uninspired. We were similarly disappointed when we ordered room service - our order was delivered 20 mins late, we didn't receive what we'd asked for, the portions were small and the food flavours were over-powering (garlic dressing on caesar salad). The hotel is in need of rennovation. For example the painted finish of the baths in both rooms were flaking to a significant extent and the over-bath shower heads were immovable and sprayed water all over the edge of the bath and the toilet when turned on.We decided to check out after three nights of a planned four night stay, and my partner rang reception to check whether there would be any penalty charges for leaving a day early. He was told that there would not be any charges, so we packed and went downstairs an hour later to check out. We were then told by staff that we would incur the full charge for our fourth night. We challenged this and spoke to John Yap, the hotel's Guest Service Manager. He listened to our comments and after some initial reluctance agreed to advise Expedia that the hotel would not be requesting payment for the fourth night and would ask them to refund us the charge (it had been prepaid at time of booking). Mr Yap was both patient and polite and his attempt at service recovery was the only positive experience during our stay at the Elizabeth Hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":988,"mention":"caesar salad","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Caesar_salad"],"startOffset":976}]}