{"text":"Absolutely Perfect It is a pleasure to stay at this hotel. From the first point of contact with their reservations staff you immediately get a feel for their professionalism and their attention to superb personal customer service. Nothing is too much trouble. As soon as you arrive, the stresses and strains disappear because here the staff really do care about their guests. We have stayed here with our children and this was the only hotel in London that would guarantee at the time of our reservation that our rooms would be interconnecting. The rooms are well equipped, spacious and with excellent bathroom and shower facilities - plenty of extra towels and toiletries. Everything is spotless and welcoming. The hotel have arranged babysitting services for us, and even had personalised welcome gifts for the children on our arrival, as well as complimentary drinks when their meal arrived with room service! Housekeeping also arranged for a DVD player to be available in the children's room during their stay. This made a huge impression on the children, who while staying at other hotels have sometimes felt as if they were not really welcome. Not so here.....the children were even entertained with their favourite tunes, by the pianist who plays each evening on the first floor balcony.The services offered from room service and housekeeping were efficient, speedy and always accurate. In fact all the staff seem to be keen to help out with every little request. Breakfast which is served at Roux (which is within St James Sofitel) is presented as a buffet offering cereals, fruits and continental style breakfast, but there is also a menu option offering individually requested breakfasts, including kippers or eggs Bendict if you so wish. The staff at Roux are once again extremely attentive to every request. This is a relaxed and pleasureable start to the day, so different from many hotels where one has to queue to even get into the breakfast room.Also worth noting is the valet parking service offered - which means that there was no problem arriving in London and having to worry about were to park your car.The hotel is located in a wonderfully elegant square and is perfectly situated for the west end museums and theatres.Yet it is peaceful, relaxed and elegant. The Rose Room is a perfect venue for relaxing with afternoon tea and a good book (the bookcase has many to choose from, if you have forgotten to bring your own).I highly recommend Sofitel St James for business or pleasure and for guests with children. We certainly look forward to returning again and again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2346,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":2343}]}