{"text":"Secretst Excellence in Punta Cana has a secret I have to say that when me and my husband got to Scerets itwas very nice , but for the money that we pay we expected more.. Let me say that we got married in the Melia Caribe Tropical and went for our Honeymoon to Secrets excellence. Upon our arrival and check in we decided to upgrade to be part of the excellence club which did not mean ----!!!. Theyt old us that we were going to receive an ocean view room the next morning because they di dnot have any available...However, once we got to our room that day, the outside of our room was completely full of mosquitos so I had to call the front desk so they can come to the room and fumigate. Then we decided to take a walk... what a bad idea that was, as soon as I left the room i was bitten by 5 mosquitos. I had to turn back and wear long pants then this led me to go to the hotels pharmacy and by anti-flammatory cream, bug spray and bug spray for the room..and this was suppose to be my honey moon. After all this, we decided to pass by the frnech restaurant to make sure we did not need a reservation that according to the front desk agent named Pauline.. she said we did not need any reservation because we belonged to the exclusive club... Once we got to the Restaurant the lady looked at me and my husband top to bottom and when we asked that we were there to reconfirm that we did not need a reservation because of the exclusive club, she tunred around and said that did not mean anything there... I just wanted to leave this stupid Hotel... After this I went back to my room to take a shower and get dressed to go see the nightly entertainement and have dinner... this was when things got really scary.. I received a phone call from an american person claiming that he had a huge fight with his girlfriend that was a model and he claimed that he was just a few rooms from us and that he called the our room to excuse himself for the noise, however, he continued to tell me that if I had an idea what his girlfriend had done to him I would of reacted the same way and he began to tell me the story.. This was when I just thought someone was watching us and I told him to speak to my husband and once my husband got to the phone he hung up the phone... To wrap it all up i tried to tell the General manager and all he said was that maybe this was an ex-boyfriend of mine.. THis was when I decided to leave this hotel.... that same night I called expedia to cancel the reservation and return to Melia Caribe Tropical... and I could not do anything until the next morning....The next morning I called expedia again and cancelled my reservation, however, they charged me 250.00 for the calls I made to expedia, however, after i arrived to NY Expedia refund this back to me... However, the general manager and the room division manager did not do ---- to help us... The beach at this resort was so ugly, and believe me I am originally from the Dominican Republic and the beaches there are beautiful exce[t for this one... I have to say that the melia caribe tropical it's 10 x better than Secrets Excellence... They treated us so nice and the staff was extraordinary.... I just have to say that Secret Excellence does have a secret.. IT ----- BIG TIME... THerefore, do not even think of going here.... P.S. I was informed by many people of that area that the beach at Secrets Excellence have many sharks becuase it's bythe atlantic ocean.. This beach has around 5 waves coming at one time..... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1441,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1437}]}