{"text":"Service redefined! My husband and I stayed at Damai for 2 days and one night during our honeymoon in July 2007. We chose to spend one night in Lovina, knowing well that it is the place to do nothing. The Damai did not disappoint us, and spoilt us rotten with their exemplary service.The Damai is located far from civilization, perched on top of hill, with beautiful vistas overlooking lush green valleys. The lulling view of the indian ocean beyond the hills is a treat. (please note that the ocean views are not dramatic, as the ocean is quite far away).Other reviewers have described the place pretty well. Let me start with a few instances, substantiating everyone's reviews.When we were waiting in the lobby to sign up, we were offered a refreshing drink. We just confirmed with the wait staff if there was any alcohol in the drink. The waiter asked us if we did not drink and we confirmed. For the entire length of our stay, not once were we offered an alcohol menu by any of the wait staff. The first time we went to the restaurant, I had casually mentioned that I was vegetarian. I never needed to mention that to anyone again, and was always given the vegetarian menu to choose from. The sambal spice paste, which usually comes with shrimp paste, was even specially prepared for me without the shrimp!They have a free shuttle to Lovina. Every time you return back to hotel from town, the manager is running outside to greet you and making sure you had a good time. The one time we decided to eat dinner outside and returned back, they knew that we had not eaten in the hotel and made sure that we had dinner. The room is quietly and quickly cleaned when you are out of dinner, with the bed made for the night. The coordination with which they work with each other to understand each and every guest is simply astounding.The food! I heard this is one of the best restaurants in south east asia. The food tastes great. Even better is the way it is arranged on your plate. Its so beautiful that you actually end up making an effort to eat so that you dont spoil the beauty. The hotel is expensive. Everything is charged in US dollars. Sometimes, you do end up spending as though you were in the US. You doubt you are in Indonesia. However, we highly recommend splurging in Damai for a day or two at least! Service of this kind needs to be experienced. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1202,"mention":"sambal","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sambal"],"startOffset":1196}]}