{"text":"Not the same I recently stayed at the Las Casitas in the El Conquistador during the tail end of my honeymoon. We came off a beautiful cruise to the Southern Caribbean with Royal Caribbean and thought what better time to visit the beautiful El Conquistador. I had stayed here approximately 3 years ago and loved the entire experience. This experience, however, left much to be desired.I booked a 1 bedroom villa in the Las Casitas. When we arrived, the room had not been cleaned. The refuse laid on the front landing. Additionally, we paid $500.00 for a oceanview. For one to see the ocean you must go out on the front landing and look around the palm trees. We made the best of the stay becase of our prior experience; that was until we went to dinner. Being from NY, we are accostumed to higher prices, however, this was insulting. The restaurants were mediocre at best. During our previous stay, we were entitled to a complimentary breakfast at the Las Casitas. When we awoke, we did not see the same continental breakfast. We asked the wait staff and were told: there is new management, no more breakfast. We visited the concierge and were informed that the information given by the waitstaff was correct; the new management eliminated the breakfast. Subsequently, I had the $18.00 Golden Spa egg white omelet. We complained to the concierge about the messy, outdated villa. As a result, they moved our room, but informed us that he could not assist us further. He promised to send a bellboy to assist us with our luggage. Unfortunately, he forgot. I called and voiced my frustration. A bellboy arrived and brought us to a new room. The room was better, but not worth the rate. We became so frustrated that we contacted the airline and cut our visit short. The airline informed us that it would cost an additional $200.00 per person. It was worth salvaging our wonderful honeymoon experience. When we called the concierge, they did not seem surprised.Overall, the resort has beautiful property, but the El Conquistador seemed to be open to the public as a day resort which made for crowded pools and a not so luxorious Las Casitas. It was very disappointing because we loved it so much on our previous visit. I was relieved that when we boarded the shuttle bus to the airport an older couple echoed the same sentiments about this disappointing visit. Additionally, they informed us that they paid $280.00 per night for the same room. I would not recommend this resort to anybody in the future. It is unfortunate because the property is beautiful, but definitely not worth the money for the food alone. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1305,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1300}]}