{"text":"Inn or Brothel? This Inn is horrible! First, it starts out with a man coming to the reception desk with no shirt on! Then we get to the room and open the door - the smell on ammonia overwhelmed us. Then we really started to notice the room. It was just a bed in the middle of one room and another room that had the toilet, sink and bathtub\/shower. Very under impressed for the price I was paying. We are trying to relax for only a minute when we see something fly past the window. We look outside and see that something was thrown from the top floor and narrowly missed a vehicle. Things are not looking good at all. Then we start to hear all of the traffic. How are we ever going to sleep? So trying not to touch anything √à√\u2020\u2022?we quickly change and leave for diner and the concert we were going too. When we got back for the night, there were no parking spots available. They have stacked parking and two handicap spots. I need the handicapped spot and was disappointed to see both of the spots was being used illegally. So we were forced to park behind someone in the stacked manner. 30 minutes later (now after midnight) we get a call in the room from the front desk. They ask if we can bring our keys to the front desk. So I stay in the room and wait as my fianc√ã√\u2022√ñe goes down to the front desk. Moments later she returns and says, Get packed! We are not staying another minute! She explains how there was an obvious prostitute with her pimp waiting for her to leave her keys at the front desk with the manager (who appeared shirtless when we first arrived) because the car we parked behind had to be used.After the 3 minutes it took me to get packed, we went to the vehicle and started loading it up. From where she moved the vehicle (she did not give up her keys and just moved to the middle of the parking lot) we could see the prostitute in the back seat of the car clearly engaging in a sex act with someone in the car. All while her pimp watched from the front seat.It was very clear that this Inn uses guest vehicles as there brothel rooms. We tossed the key cards to the front desk and hit the road. It was well after midnight. We drove all the way back to Fresno.The place is disgusting and I am sickened by the thought that I actually 'stayed' there. ","annotations":[]}