{"text":"No No No! Was Expecting so much more! I searched for weeks for somewhere special for hubby and I to stay for one night in Sydney (a Sat night).I would never stay here again and am so dissapointed with the property and the service.Check in: Arrived at 7pm from our flight. No concierge waiting to take our luggage.2 very unfriendly people sitting down behind the desk at reception. The man was quite rude in his manner and was not at all welcoming.Given room key...filled out forms and gave CC. Was asked for drivers licence as apparantly a lot of fraud has been happening in Sydney! When i questioned why he wanted my licence he rudely gave me the above answer.Room: We paid for a King Harbour View Room. The window was tiny and i would have had to stand on a chair to get to see out of the window it was that high up.Corridors have seen better days..looked tired and grimy handprints on the steel like doors.Small room for aussie sizes...especially for a King room. Standard sized bathroom and facilities. Bathtub was a little old. Stainless steel sink is exactly like an airline toilet sink as is the toilet (well the sound when you press the button anyway!!)Room had fairly dim lighting. Comfy pillows, though a couple of oldish stains in the sheets and small tears.Flat screen TV with the basic Cable channels as well as pay to view movies.Breakfast: We paid full price for breakfast at $36 each for buffet. Usual selections of food, however no made to order eggs which is poor for the price.Lobby: Hotel lobby was fairly bright and bustling on morning of check out. Better vibe than the previous night.The location is good. 5 mins walk to The Rocks. You can see the people walking on the Bridge from outside the hotel.The water view from the breakfast view is pleasant on a nice day.I wouldnt stay again. The price i paid was for 5 star hotels..and this is barely a 2 star. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1783,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1779}]}