{"text":"A cruel $7000.00 joke! I brought my 21 year old daughter for a week of relaxing, good food and sun, so she could recharge her batteries before returning to her final semester in college. We arrived late on Thursday evening. By Sunday, I had hotel management on the phone to negotiate compensation for the lousy meals we were served since our arrival. I did, in the end, receive compensation for all meals except for the ones we ate at Nami (Asian bistro), which were average, but NOT NEARLY AS AWFUL as those from Cafe Soleil or Tempo. The word chef needs to be used with great care! The resort shouldn't call these people chefs. It is very misleading! If I sound obsessed about the food, it is because we had to endure 21 meals there. The Royal Service plan is a joke. One morning, I came in to the Royal Service lounge to find a young family grazing over the buffet of breakfast foods, eating while food dropped from the dad's mouth into the tray of food which was to be consumed by other guests. The cheeses were slimey and much of the cold food suffered time and temperature abuses galore! We were afraid to eat some of this. Without giving the details of each day, I will say this: Never go to this resort. You will be extremely disappointed with the service, food, and inconsistencies! The final slap in the face was the bill. Our week was consumed with stressing over what we would be able to eat. OH! And don't ask for the wine list. We did, and after many minutes of waiting, the waitress came back and said that they didn't have 75% of the wines listed. She was reluctant to to tell us this, but finally decided that I was not going to give up!The spa was also a joke. NOT CLEAN. The staff provided basic treatments, which were represented as much more than they really were. The skincare products were absolute crap. The special anti aging facial was $190.00 and was the most uncomfortable 80 minutes of my life, with a nervous gentleman administering the treatment, after not washing his very cold hands. Also, the spa hours are from 10 to 8, but try to book a treatment during the early morning or late afternoon and forget it. All the appointment times seemed to be between 11 and 3, which is prime pool time!We knew there would be no beach. The Royal Service Pool was nice. The only beer we had that was served COLD, was here. Leslie was the best pool guy in the bunch. Our butler, Manuel, was awesome too. But you just knew he couldn't right all of the wrongs at that place. So why complain to him?The Royal Service people (Veronica and Tamary) were helpful in negotiating our complaints with management. From the conversations we overheard at the pool and in the restaurants, many guests were flatly disgusted with what they had paid and the quality of what they received, if they received it at all! It was to the point where, each morning, we would say EXPECT NOTHING. Then, when something good happens, we will be happy!  We took a taxi to a seafood restaurant on the last night just to have edible food. The taxi was $120.00 and the meal as much. If you are a vegetarian, you will be miserable here. We do eat fish, but that is it as far as animal products. Ask for veggies and rice, and be prepared to take a potent diuretic the next day, as the use of salt was extreme.Most of the staff was friendly, but they seriously lacked communication, just forgot things, and were generally inconsistent with respect to the rules. The Royal Service Pool was to be restricted to children, no matter what. Yet, every day, someone would have a child under 16 there. This is an example of what I mean by inconsistent. I could go on and on about this.Basically, if you don't have enough frustration and stress in your life, come to Gran Melia Puerto Rico. By the end of your stay, your life will be completely full of it.The resort itself was beautiful. I will give credit where it is due. Our room had a funky yeasty, moldy scent, too. If I were given a free week here, I would return. That is the only way I would ever come back. ","annotations":[]}