{"text":"Grear Location, rude staff I booked to go to Barcelona for my hen weekend with 12 of my friends. We arrived at the hotel at mid day after being up since 3 am. We were told our rooms were not ready and to come back in 3-4 hours!! Couldn't help but notice they booked the Spanish guests in without a problem. We came back 3.5 hours later to be informed that they didn't have the triple room we had paid for through Last minute.com. The hotel staff spoke good English but their customer service skills were poor to say the least. After argueing with them for almost an hour, I phoned Last minute.com myself as the hotel staff said it isn't their problem and told me I had to sort it out myself! After finding out that Last minute.com had decided to cancel our triple room without informing us, the staff then gave us another double room. One of my friends had to stay on their own, which isn't the end of the world, but it's the principle of the matter. I've never been to 3-4* hotel and been treated like this.The waiter round the pool area would not take orders from the seating dinner area outside as he said it was too much for him to keep walking up and down!! Sorry, thought that was his job!! The rooms were a nice size and we were over looking the pool which was sometimes noisy. There was building work going on next door which woke us up every morning with loud drilling. The rooms are not noise proof and you could hear everything going on down the corridor.Other than that, the hotel is a superb location and would recommend to stay in the Olympic Port area as there is so much to offer food, drink and bar wise. We got the num 14 bus which took you into the Las Rambles. It ony took 10 mins. The nightlife was brilliant and anyone wanting to do some traditional Salsa dancing go to Mohito's, it's fantastic and brilliant for a girls night out..Make sure you know exactly where you want to go as not all the Taxi drivers speak good English. Overall Barcelona is a fantastic city and I can't wait to go back. I would stay in the Olympic Port again, but not Icaria hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1218,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1214}]}