{"text":"Enjoyed It We, a couple in our 40s, stayed at Bavaro Princess the last week of February. This is our 4th visit to Punta Cana in 3 years, so we knew what to expect in terms of the beach (which is why we go back) the type of service and the quality of the food you can expect from DR. We always stay at a 5*. Saying this - this resort is on par or similar to other 5* resorts in PC. They each have good and bad.The resort is huge - so if you dont like walking or waiting 5 minutes or so to get the trolly - not for you. It takes about 15 minutes to walk from beach to reception - nice walk though.Rooms - huge is not the word - they are massive!! We did request a top floor room and had no problems with smell, mold, bugs, etc. that some have complained about. Sure, they are not the Ritz, but they are fine. We had no problems with maids, or water or anything else. Left a few dollars each day, smile and said hello if we saw her - left a note for Cervesa - and got it.Service - Overall pretty good - definitely some people with attitudes - but is this not the case any place you are?? I found that tipping did not appear to be happening - which was surprising as usually you do. We tended to tip a little here and there and especially tipped if the service was good. They really do try hard. Some of the staff are amazing and go out of there way to help. Some of the staff dont speak a lot of english, but if you keep the words simple and little bit of hand jesters you get the message through!!Hotel Communication - This was my only real complaint. They told you in their literature or on a sign that a restaurant or bar was open to a specific time - when you arrived it was closed. You spoke to someone one night and they said you did not need reservations for the next night - you arrive and you needed reservations. It was as though they changed the rules as they went along - quite frustrating to say the least. We asked about a courtesy room to change in - they said no problem the day before - the day we left - nope we dont provide those rooms - use the spa showers. Again, frustrating!Night Life - the shows were typical resort shows from 10-11 - nothing to write home about. Sometimes a band from 11-12 and then nothing to do - unless you went to the casino (which has the resorts small disco in it). (Be careful of the people that come into the resort asking you to go the disco - it is not the resort disco - rather one in town.)Overall - a good resort that has everything you need. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":582,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":578}]}