{"text":"Wonderful Time We just returned from a great week vacation at the LTI. We stayed from May 10-May 15. I traveled w\/ my husband and son (12yrs) This was our 3rd time in the Dominican Republic. The resort was okay. This was our fist time not going as a charter vacation. We had to take a taxi from Punta Cana airport. We didn't have time to ask for a price they took our luggage and threw it in a van. Once we got in the van backing out of the parking spot they told us 40.US. Once we arrived to the resort, check in was very quick w\/ no problems. We requested building 5 closest to the beach. We stayed in room 5028. The rooms are clean. The only thing we could not understand in the room was the bathroom door. The door had windows. So we hung a towel for privacy. The pools are very clean and big. There is a kid pool and adult pool. We didn't do much pool swimming. We love the beach..The beach was beautiful and plenty of chairs. My son played beach volleyball w\/ the staff and other guest. The only complaint I had on the beach was there was NO music playing. I asked the staff to play some music. They would play for couple hours. Once the staff left the beach area the music would be turned off. So, the beach was very quiet. We went shopping at the beach flea market. It's only about 10min walk from resort. We booked 4 wheeler tour from the resort. Over by the pool is a little hut w\/ 2 men selling 4 wheeler tours. What they tell you is not what you get. They told us there would be people from other resorts. It was only myself w\/ my husband and son. They also said snacks and drinks (nothing was served other then water). They told us we would be riding on the beach and horseback riding was on the beach. We did not ride on the beach and horseback riding was a joke.We drove on dirt roads for 3 hrs and my son ran out of gas twice. We had a feeling something was weird from the start when I paid for the tour. They would not take credit card and only wanted cash and reminded us to tip at least 20us. We have taken many tours and have never been disappointed like this. SO, please becareful when booking anything at the resort. The food was okay. You could always find something to eat. My family is always willing to try different foods. We love the fresh fruit. We ate at the main buffet for breakfast and dinner. Lunch we would eat at the beach BBQ. The chicken was great the hotdogs are not very good. We made a reservation at the Pasta and Pizza a la carte. It was okay but prefer the buffet. Over all the food was okay. No one in my family got sick from the food. The key is to drink plenty of water. This was my first trip that we did not get sick. We will be returning to the Dominican next year we like to try different resorts. We would go back to the LTI..... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1793,"mention":"dirt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dirt_cake"],"startOffset":1789}]}