{"text":"Very Good but doesn't quite live up to the hype We booked a Junior King Suite (the most expensive room they have) several months in advance and as it was my 40th Birthday, we specifically asked for the Love Room (due to the great reveiws here on TA), but gave 3 other alternatives in case that wasn't available. We checked back a few days before arrival to see whether we had been allocated that particular room and got a non committal answer along the lines of we can't guarantee anything but we'll bear it in mind. We were quite disappointed therefore on arrival to be given room 406 (ancient languages) which wasn't even one of our 3 alternantives, and bearing in mind the many tales on here about people getting upgrades without even asking we were a little miffed to get such a low floor (with the added noise that brings). However, on the plus side our room was nearly ready when we arrived at 1030am and we were offered the chance to wait in the Reading Room and have breakfast while it was finished. That was great, but the breakfast room was absolutely packed and there was nowhere to sit, so we trekked back to reception!Again, on the plus side, we were immediately offered help with our bags both on checking in and checking out. When we got to our room we were pretty happy. For a suite it was certainly on the small side, but for NY probably quite spacious. I do wonder though how tiny some of the other rooms must be. However, the room was well appointed, the bed was super comfy, the room and bathroom spotless, and there was a bottle of sparking wine left for us along with a birthday card. The 14th floor area and roof garden was closed for a private function on the day we arrived, but open later that evening and we noticed that many people took their breakfast trays up there, presumably because the reading room on the 2nd floor was too busy. They should perhaps consider putting a few more tables in to the Reading Room, as there is plenty of space, or maybe a breakfast bar with stools along the window. Or they could shift breakfast to the more spacious 14th floor. Maybe it's a mistake to have a room where the ambiance makes people want to linger, when the relatively few tables make it essential that there's a quick turnaround at breakfast time. The quality of the continental breakfast (pastries, fresh fruit etc) and wine\/cheese in the evening was good. There was also free wifi and a couple of PCs with printer access, which was useful for printing airline boarding passes. We've also stayed in their sister hotel The Casablanca, and on balance probably preferred that to the Library. At the moment this hotel is rating number 3 of all the hotels in NY. Whilst it's very good, I can't believe there are only 2 places that people think are better overall. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2324,"mention":"pastries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":2316}]}