{"text":"Stay again ? probably not ! I have found some issues while I was staying 4 nights at New Otani Tokyo last week :- Limo Bus : It takes about 1 hour and 50 mins from airport to the hotel as it goes to Okura Tokyo Hotel first which locates the other end of Akasaka. Normally, it takes about 1 hours and 15 mins to the hotels at the T-Cat, Ginza and Tokyo Station. - Check-in : When we got off the bus, we found there's no one came to help us take our luggages (2 pieces per person) from the rough and rocky entrance (1st floor) to the reception (2nd floor). We had applied membership on-line as the advise from one of tripadvisor reviews but there's no membership numbers issued. We queued up at the membership counter next to the reception and looked for someone to ask if we could check-in there. Unfortuately, no one was willing to stop and listen to my enquiry. And I found a guest together with the staff jumped the queue. I grabed a staff and complained about it but he did not understand what is jump the queue, so I proceeded to the reception to check-in and complain it again.The staff did not understand about on-line membership application even I showed him a copy of the email confirmation. He gave me an application form instead. One of the Assistant Manager showed up eventually and received my complaints about the chaos. He gave us his name card and ask us to find him if we need. Room : I had a corner room which locates at the end of the Tower Wing. Its size is different to the normal room (inregular shape) with strange set-up : 3 different styles of cabinets, a huge working desk, a huge armchair places in the middle of passway to bed, TV places on one of the cabinets and on the righthand side of the bed, which I had to turn my head to watch it. That night, I requested front desk to change the room next day, and they promised me to give me a normal room subject to availability. Next day, I called front desk again to ask for the arrangement, but the staff arranged a same room type to me. I asked to speak to the Assistant Manager who assisted us upon check-in but the staff did not know who he is. When I insisted to speak to Front Desk Manager, he explained they had arranged me a different room style but on the same room category. Room size is reasonable, but needs renovation definitely. Bedding is worse : soft mattress, poor duvet, cheap bed linens and smelly pillows. We paid around 1260 yen ++ per day for internet access which is free in most of the 5 star hotels in Tokyo. Location : Yes, it closes to the Metro Station. But we took taxi to the offices, Roppogi MidTown (around 840 yen) and Shinjuku area (around 1500 yen) most of the time. Make sure you ask the concierge to get hotel name in Japanese especially if you want to get off at the Tower Wing entrance. All taxi drivers only knows the Main Wing entrance. We stayed there because most of the corporate hotels are full. I would not stay there anymore unless I cannot book any corporate hotels in Tokyo. ","annotations":[]}