{"text":"Surprisingly Disappointing While the Alila Ubud is stunningly beautiful with spectacular views it falls short of being a great place to stay. We were looking forward to four days of relaxation after traveling for a week and half. We ended up being so disappointed that we checked out two days early.Unbeknownst to us, we were met by a driver from the Alila in our hotel in Seminyak upon check-out. We had not arranged for this pick-up and we were told that we had a complimentary one-way transfer. We hurriedly canceled the driver that we had pre-arranged the day before and off we went. When we arrived we were left standing at the lobby stairs met by no-one. After a few minutes, someone from the desk came over to check us in. Our first impression of the staff was unfriendly and slow which held to be true for the remainder of our stay. Not to mention that complimentary transfer cost usd$38.We went down the stairs over a walkway covered in water to our room. Incidentally, the puddle was there for the duration of our stay as well as the Gardner who was spraying with a loud pressure sprayer for two days straight in the same exact spot. The room was clean, nicely appointed, minimal and very small. There was an outdoor shower that the room above us as well as the walkway looked down into.The infinity pool was spectacular, however, if you didn't claim one of the 12 lounge chairs by 6am you were out of luck for lying out at the pool for the day. You were given a matt to lie on the cement.There was a complimentary shuttle that ran to town 4 times a day but again the shuttle was smaller than all the people wanting to go so it was cramped. If you got a taxi it was IRD60, 000 each way, billed to your room of course. We felt nickled and dimed for everything. Breakfast is billed as √à√\u2020\u2022√ä?√£ncluded√à√\u2020\u2022?but they neglect to tell you that only limited items are included - the bulk of the breakfast items cost extra. We had four martinis one evening with carefully measured shots that cost usd$157. The food at the restaurant was mediocre at best. There was better food in Ubud for much less inclusive of the fare to get there and back.We awoke at 5am the second morning to wake up call in the room above us which went unanswered for 1\/2 hour. After this we had enough and were ready to checkout early - this time we called to arrange for a driver to take us back to Seminyak, again the front desk told us it was a complimentary but when we got to the desk paid the bill the front desk said they forgot to charge us for the driver and charged an additional usd$38, just like the first day for the unscheduled driver. We also had to pay an additional usd$30 per day for a high season charge as well as a service fee (for bad service). Not once did we see a manager on the premise.We felt that honeymooners are so caught up in their newly found happiness that they really loose site of what is really going on or should I say not going on at Alila. ","annotations":[]}