{"text":"Excellence Punta Cana vs. Excellence Cancun My husband and I just returned from a week vacation at Excellence Punta Cana. (June 29-July 6) We visited Excellence Cancun in Nov 2006 and were absolutely stunned in every way by that resort. So for our next holiday we could not wait to go to another Excellence Resort. Unfortunately the two simply do not compare! Our holiday all in all was fantastic- no resort is perfect and your vacation will always be what you make it. That said- there are several factors about Excellence Punta Cana that deserve mentioning. If you are planning a vacation to an Excellence Resort... think Mexico instead!!!1- There are NEVER any towels!!! First thing in the morning towels are laid out on beach chairs (appearing that the chairs are already reserved) Eventually it was realized that these are in fact the only towels which will be put out. Yes there are towel stands all about the pool areas but not on one occassion were there ever any new towels put out. We resorted to carrying our towels back up to our room as we went without for 2 days and when we finally got some we weren't going to let them go! 2- The food is very good at every restaurant. We were excited to learn that the same restaurants were offered as in Cancun. (Spice (Japanese) is an absolute MUST! The complaint we have with the food is that staff would simply substitute whatever they felt like on your dish. On more than a few occassions we did not receive the dish we ordered as desribed in the menu. From time to time (before ordering) we were advised that they were out of certain ingredients (mushrooms, gaucemole)...ok we can deal with that... but then we would be served a dish which had maybe one ingredient out of the actual description with no further explanation! (even though there was no mention of a shortage of the items in said dish!) Everything still tasted wonderful- but we found this to be frustrating as you really never knew if you were going to get what you ordered.3 - The beach is absolutely magnificent. There are definitely sand bugs - but they are selective biters! (my husband had lots of bites all over.. and I have none) The beach at Excellence Cancun does not compare to Punta Cana in any way. If a gorgeous beach is your #1 priority.. then the other short comings this resort has will be totally insignificant.. The beach at Punta Cana is truly breathtaking. 4- The service is really hit and miss. There were some truly terrible waiters and then some wonderful ones. The terrible ones seemed to keep finding us, although we did have our share of excellent service also. No one is in any kind of a hurry to do anything for you, and we were expecting the service we received at Cancun... which we definitely did not. We always tipped and clearly this is expected no matter what people may say. Unfortunately it really doesn't do anything to improve the level of service.5- There were considerable wait times for dinner. In speaking with other patrons we learned that sometimes you were given a beeper and they just never beeped you. You can wait until 10:30and learn the restaurant has since closed!! Then you are stuck ordering room service from a very miserable attendant and that takes at least an hour ++ . We were advised they only have one employee to handle room service! (can't believe that to be true... but that is what we were told!) 6- The drinks. Strictly comparitively speaking- a strawberry dauquiri or a pina colada offered at Excellence Punta Cana is at least half the size of what is offered in Mexico. Yes, it is an all inclusive and you can get as many as you want.... but there is just SUCH a difference! Excellence Punta Cana serves up a slushy mixture in a little cup just like any other 4* resort we have been.... Excellence Cancun blends the ice, alcohol and fruit (like a smoothie) it is just so different ... and was very disappointing :(The resort is truly beautiful and well maintained. We were disappointed as we had expectations from our past experience which were just not met at this resort. We plan to try out Excellence in Jamaica next year when it opens- or go back to Cancun.....but not here! Our advice....spend the extra few bucks and go to Mexico! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3441,"mention":"strawberry","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Strawberry_pie"],"startOffset":3431}]}