{"text":"Like a clean serviced apartment, feels like home! Stayed here for one night in August just for pleasure. My partner and I drove down to Seattle from Vancouver BC. Easy to find, great location, easy access to the university and close to neat neighbourhoods like Wallingford and Ballard, etc.The building looks like an apartment building, very new and urban-looking, as if you're right in the city. Checkin was quick and easy, almost a little too casual for a hotel. The checkin counter looks like one in a dentist's office -- very casual.Loved the free parking in a very safe underground garage -- you can only access with your hotel key. Feels just like living in your own apartment!Stayed on the top floor (6th) corner room overlooking downtown. We requested a top floor room, and we got it! We loved it! The room was super clean, and almost felt a little too dull. Perhaps the rooms need some colorful art work or flowers to liven up the place. My partner said he almost felt as if he was in an old folks home! that's how clean, quiet and simple everything was! curtains roll up, TV swivels 360 so you can watch from the bathroom area. Great Aveda products. Loved the Staff Picks in their room info binder -- good recommendations for dining, etc.The Ala Carte options are a super idea! We chose the Spa cart and it came with foot massage, hand held massage, a CD player with relaxing music, and spa hair and body products. loved it! such a great treat. they have all sorts of Cartes, from video games to art supplies!Complimentary breakfast was good -- fruits were fresh, eggs and sausages were decent. They have complimentary bike and video rentals, and a small exercise room. About a 10 minute walk to the University campus. A few cafes in the area, but not too much to do. University village (great shopping, restaurants) is about a 5-10 min drive from the hotel.I'd recommend this place and would definitely return. Downtown Seattle is just not worth the overpriced boutique hotels and parking when you can stay here -- only a 20 mins drive away! ","annotations":[]}