{"text":"Nice paint job. But little else My wife and I visited the Clarendon Hotel based on the high rating on Trip Advisor, and now are doing are part to ensure that it is properly reviewed. We are a young couple, accustomed to a variety of price points for hotels and different levels of accommodations. We opted for the Executive Junior Suite, because of its distance from the pool. We requested a fourth floor room (hoping to be as far from excessive use areas as possible). The Clarendon did manage to accomplish both of these requests. When you first pull up, you will be slightly concerned by the outdoor appearance. It looks like a retrofitted seventies motel. When you get inside, you'll notice brightly colored carpets, modern furniture and art, and loud paint tones. It looks like a hip, fun place to be. When you arrive in your room, you'll get the same experience- a lot of cosmetic work has been done. Even the pool is a cosmetic redo. It looks great with decorative fountains and great outdoor furniture. But the jacuzzi is just a wading pool with a dozen lower back jets that do little for muscles and hurt the skin. And it doesn't stand out compared to other hotels in the area. (Would recommend the Hilton Squaw Peak as an alternative).Here is where the hotel falls short- there seems to be no structural adaption from its original form. The windows are old and single pane, the doors don't seem to seal in the frame properly so you get a silhouetted glow from the hall. And the walls have not been properly insulated or sound proofed. We were awoken by the noisy squeaks of the elevator, by other guests, and by security camera technicians at various hours of the morning and night (from 12AM to 7AM). THERE IS CONSTANT NOISE! It comes from all angles, at all times. Do not expect to get a peaceful moment except in the shower. No matter how good the hotel is, its fundamental purpose is to provide a place of rest and relaxation away from home. The Clarendon fails this in a huge way. I would never recommend or revisit this hotel, no matter how tight the budget. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":4,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":0}]}