{"text":"Beautiful Hotel We stayed at this hotel for a week at the end of September. I was travelling with family. The pictures that were posted on the site is exactly what you see when you get there. Service:Check-in was a bit slow because we checked in at prime time, but overall front desk was helpful and friendly. The agents working the door were acceptable. They could have been more attentive at times. Also, after 2am-4am there was no one at the door or front desk. I liked housekeeping overall. They were friendly and kept the room very clean. Rooms:Moving on to the rooms, there were beautiful and comfortable. The room is spacious, especially for Hong Kong. There was a large closet, electronic safe, nice TV with decent channel selections, minifridge, amd desk. There were no Hermes amenities as I see advertised, but I was happy with the amenities that were supplied. My only complaint was that there is a strong smell at times coming from the toilet. I thought it was only my room, but there was a similar smell from my parents' room across the hall.Extras:-I did not use the pool, but it appeared very small and faces the restaurant. -The steam room\/sauna were small, but designed to be like a spa with good amenities. Each room only fits 4 people max. Sitting in the steam room actually felt confining and could be quite awkward when there is another person in the room because if its size. -The gym was sufficient for its size with new equipment-Two computers with internet connection are available 24 hours by the bar. However, after hours, it is pretty dark in there. I would always ask someone who is cleaning to turn on the lights. They should have a switch there or leave that lighting over the computers on 24 hours.-We did not try any of the restaurants because they seemed overprice and we came to HK to try the different foods out on the rest of the island.-There is an Arcade nearby (what we in the US called shopping complex). The food court is fairly priced, but there is not much real shopping in there. It can be further developed.Location:Hotel is in a safe, high-end neighborhood. It is remote and in a residential area. Since I was travelling with family, I like that this hotel is remote and farther away from all the noise and sounds of the city life when we returned to rest in the evening. However, I can see how travelling is a concern. I did not use the hotel shuttle since it was not free and I was with 4 people. It is actually cheaper to take the taxi when you have so many people. Taxis are readily available at this hotel. It costs about $60-80 HKD and 15 minutes to get into Central. Be careful with taxi drivers. One taxi driver tried to take us for a ride when we were visiting. Note their names and license. There is a number you can call to file complaints. Needless to say, that one sketchy driver caused me to look into alternative transportation options. If you would like to save money and are in no rush or if you are with 1-2 persons, public transportation is inexpensive and easily accessible right next door to the hotel. I took the bus from Cyberport to Kowloon for $10.6 HKD pp and got there in 30-40 min (depends on how far into Kowloon) We are crossing islands here. I cabbed it to TsimShaTsui for about $150 and saved only 10-15 min.You can get to Causeway Bay via the minibus for a $8.5 HKD pp and 20 min. Those minibuses are amazing quick and an interesting HK experience. It operates like jitney buses and stops along different routes. (I would only take a minibus from the starting to the teminal stop) It takes about the same time as the taxi, but the taxi sets you back about $80 HKD. A minibus is also available to get to Central for about $5-6 HKD pp. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":707,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":703}]}