{"text":"problems with this hotel I would not be so critical of this hotel were it not for the price. It was about $100 more expensive per night than any of the surrounding properties, most of which looked equal to and some superior to the Rincon of the Seas when we toured them. On the positive side, the staff is friendly and helpful. The main desk people were nice and the housekeeping crew were outstanding. The room, and, in fact, the whole hotel were spotless.  The pool was clean and nice, but only deep enough for a kiddie pool. The beach was great with plenty of chairs. Housekeeping provided a lot of fresh beach towels. The 5th floor oceanview room had a spectacular view of the sunset, and a good large balcony, however I had to fix a drainpire with a coke can so it wouldn't flood the balcony. The room was small with not enough surface space to put all the stuff that one spreads out for an 8 day stay. Only one side of the bed had a night table. The furniture was servicable but tired and certainly never high end. The linens were okay at best. The bathroom was all right, but again tired and the tile and fixtures were not what one would expect at a hotel as expensive as this. Both ice machines and one of the two elevators were broken and never fixed during our stay. You had to trek to the pool bar at the other end of the property to get ice. The bartenders at the pool bar were incredibly busy doing things other than serving the customers. I once tried to order a drink when there were only 4 people at the bar. The other three already had a drink. There were 4 servers behind the bar who were extraordinary at avoiding eye contact and not hearing your order. When one finally came up to take my order, she apologized and shrugged as to suggest that she was so busy. I looked behind me to see if 30 more people had snuck in, but no, the same four thirsty souls. Perhaps the worst was the fact that there was a wedding at the hotel and the wedding party had the rooms on both sides of us. They commenced to play loud music and talk and laugh loudly at 10 pm, cranked up the decibel level at midnight, and started screaming at 1 am, which they continued until two or three am for three consecutive nights. There was no response from the front desk when I asked that security be sent to at least talk to them. They said they would, but the noise continued unabated. In fact, I can't say that I ever saw a security guard at any time while I was there. Many guests had similar experiences as ours. One couple, who were on the 3rd floor, thought the screaming was a terrorist attack, and they were figuring out how to protect their children when the desk told them it was only a wedding group. There were rumors that the hotel was about to change hands, so maybe the management is just hanging on until something happens. All in all, I would have to say to keep away from this place especially at the prices they charge. Rincon is a great place, but the Rincon of the Seas is not the way to enjoy it. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":759,"mention":"coke","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola"],"startOffset":755},{"endOffset":759,"mention":"coke","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola"],"startOffset":755}]}