{"text":"Enjoyed our Week and Comments for Improvements We had the pleasure of enjoying a great week - April 10-17\/07 - at Tropical Princess. We enjoyed everything that the resort had to offer - the beach, the food, the entertainment, the drinks and the new friends that we made. It was an experience.Preface to say that we would go back but there are issues that should be addressed to help make the trip and the time at the resort as enjoyable as one expects it to be. The following comments are intended to be viewed as constructive commentary with the pupose being that improvements can be made.It was a beautiful resort but be aware that it shares common facilities with Caribe Club Princess - same site but 2 resorts. We were told that there are approx 55 resorts in Punta Cana and that they are located on approx 20 sites. Thus many resorts share common facilities. We flew down on Sunwing after leaving Toronto at 6:30 am. This was the first concern we had given that we were told the flight leaves at 6:10 am and that we should be at the airport 3 hours prior to departure 3:00 am. The reason we did not leave until 6:30 am was because regulations prohibit departures before 6:30 am. So why doesn't Sunwing adjust its schedule accordingly and indicate departure as 6:30 am.This early departure also become a problem on arrival at the resort. We arrived at 11:30 but check-in is at 3:00 pm. Again, why does Sunwing have such an early departure schedule when you can't even get into your room until 3:00 pm. Once we got to our room and on to the beach, all the recliner chairs were occupied. Like many others who have commented before, you have to get to the beach at 6:30 -7:00 am to reserve beach chairs and sombrias. We were surprised, actually we were appalled, at how many of these chairs\/sombrias were reserved yet not occupied for the entire day. This was evident the entire week that we were there. The resort management should have at look at this problem and ensure that, first, there are enough chairs for the number of guests at the resort for that week and, second, that using security staff, chairs that are not occupied for considerable period of time (over 2 hours) be made available to those who have come to spend time on the beach.We also had an issue with towels in our room - either no towels at all on arrival, only 2 sets of towels when there were 3 of us in the room, etc. As a suggestion aimed at basic custormer service, management should advise housekeeping how many are staying in each room so that we do not have to go chasing after housekeeping for towels.Sunwing should also adjust is departure from Punta Cana as that was some experience having to leave the resort at 7:30 am (before breakfast) and sit at the airport for 3 hours (why such a long time) when we could have left the resort at a more reasonable time (after all,check out at the hotel is 12:00 noon) given that the processing at the airport did not require 3 hours. RsPToronto ","annotations":[{"endOffset":678,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":674}]}