{"text":"Isla Verde (Port of Reeko) My family of 5 stayed in the ESJ Towers for 10 days. Upon our arrival, the door to our studio unit broke before we were unpacked and locked us out. The property owner came after waiting over an hour. We used the sliding patio door and left our personal belongings in our unlocked room for the first day of vacation until they repaired the locking mechanism.Our private porch consisted of hot, sticky, tacky green flooring with 5' concrete walls that hid our view from the pool, but allowed mop water from other balconies. And as for the door leading to the pool; it automatically locked after closing it and our owner provided no key, even after we demanded one. So we used a nearby concrete ledge to step up and over the wall to our room until security (I like to refer to him as the towel nazi) scolded us. So poolside was NOT poolside and even if it were easy to get to and from the pool from our poolside room, the pool only overlooked a portion of the beach, but was not accessible from the pool. We had to walk back indoors, take the elevator to the parking garage, walk 5 minutes through the garage to the towel rental room (which was often vacant), and then through a sequence of secured doors (swipe cards) and when we made it outside alas, we had to remember a 6-digit security number to get to and from the beach.A code that, although I kept forgetting (I'm sorry i WAS on vacation after all) other guests and locals alike recited whenever I chose to walk the beach, I mean between the hours of 9am-7pm of course. Once on the beach, we found the need for sandals, as glass and seaweed cluttered the shore. To the right, we noticed that raw sewage was being emptied directly onto the beach from a restaurant, so that area was out of the question. For the remainder of the vacation we swam in the pool, played poolside BINGO (which was the only quality entertainment, if that floats your boat) and walked along the shore, but we never felt a sense of security or safety, maybe a sign from all of the beautifully landscaped RAZOR WIRE that made me feel like I was in Alcatraz.We thought we would try the rest of the island, since we read about beautiful beaches in Puerto Rico. Another let down. Don't try to travel the island in a day, it takes forever considering there are only 3 places of interest along the way (tolls ranged from .50-$1.75). The town of Ponce, with it's cute marina appeal, isn't worth the drive with it's shallow coral beach, not to mention the public bathrooms that were splattered with human waste (a recurring theme in Puerto Rico). San Juan is what it is, a port town that attracts cruise ship tourists. I do, however, recommend the El Morro Castle tours in Old San Juan.Overall, ESJ Towers is not a beach destination. And since the building itself casts a shadow over it's own pool until almost noon everyday, and the stand up jacuzzi closes at 4pm, I can't say it's a sit by the pool destination either. If you are considering Puerto Rico, I would suggest the Intercontinental San Juan Hotel  Casino, with it's cleaner sea, ocean front pool and accomodating nightlife. ","annotations":[]}