{"text":"Not a complainer, but ready to come home. I used trip advisor to plan my trip and I feel its only right to contribute back to the site. First, let me say that I'm 32 years old, I'm very open minded and more than willing to take in new experiences. I'm letting this be known because I refuse to acknowledge myself as a chronic complainer. Americans, do not expect an Americanized resort. I had read reviews about Europeans being annoyed by the occasional boisterous American. I thought it would be nice to avoid that situation also, now that I was bringing my family . However, I found that I would probaly prefer those boisterous Americans rather than the numerous rude and unfriendly Europeans. There were not many Americans at the resort during this time of the year. Maybe i'm just bitter because I like to meet new people and there was a language barrier, who knows!The resort is beautiful, the staff smiles. Didn't feel obligated to tip but did anyways. Beer.. Presidente and another domestic beer are your options.All drinks are served in plastic dixie cups, they were a little larger than shot glasses. Too small for me. Frozen drinks were OK.Food... This is where I was suprised. I am not a picky eater at all!! But the food was tiresome. There were very poor attempts to create food from around the world. I'm not Mexican nor a cook but i'm sure I could put together a better Mexican feast than the resort. This goes for Italian, French, and probaly even Dominican. They can do alot better than that. I'd like to give an A for effort but for a resort in this price range they should probaly have it right. Had Japanese 2 times, this was good.Beds... Uncomfortable.Waitstaff... Helped us out with liters of milk for our baby. Thank you.Jhonny at the pool is hilarious. He heads a lot of the activites that you participate in during the days. ( Water Aerobics, Dancing, and other various contest) Also is a dancer during some entertainment nights.I picked this resort for its family rating on Trip Advisor. I still agree with it but in my case I missed out on 2 aspects of it. My infant was too young for kids activites and my 11 year old was too old for them. All the kids inbetween seemed to be having a great time.The safari excursion was very interesting and I highly recommend doing it. If you do any shopping do it on this trip. You may still have to barder but not with overly aggressive vendors like there are at the resort.Mini-Golf- don't waste your timeSpa- Very niceCasino- nothing special, small, and you pay for drinks.We booked thru Apple Vacations and our Tour rep, Petra was awesome. She'll tell you like it is. Even brought me aloe from her house so I didn't have to pay 13us in the lobby shop. Thank You. If you hang out at the pool and the beach you can't do wrong. Protective parents, just know that there are topless women on the beach and at the pool. My 11 year old was a bit shocked and my infant was constantly thirsty( joke). I hope this was helpful and please no hard feelings on the European comment. Different strokes for different folks.. ","annotations":[]}