{"text":"So near yet so far from the Madding crowd We stayed in Cendana this January (2008). It was what our travel agent recommended after our first choice - Tegal Sari, fell through as it was fully booked. In retrospect, it was for the best, as Cendana had all the atmosphere we wanted, plus a great big factor going for it...its location. Right on the main Monkey Forest road, but at the same time so well secluded that you felt you are in the midst of nature,,,what with the beautiful view of paddy fields outside your doorstep and the nightly orchestra of crickets and frogs. We were travelling with our 2 girls, one of them just 5 months, so the fact that we could leave them with the baby sitter (you can negotiate baby sitting rates)and do some shopping knowing that incase of any emergency we could reach the hotel within minutes was a great sense of relief. Infact most of what we wanted to see and do within Ubud town- the temple, the Balinese dance, the puppet show, the boutiques and the wonderful eating joints were all within stone's throw distance of the resort. Rooms were spacious and comfortable. Bathrooms were basic, but clean and bug free. It met all our needs and whatever extras we needed were provided for by the efficient staff of the resort. I loved the flower offerings left in front of the deities flanking the entrance to the rooms. Only a couple of downsides....the mattress could have been more comfortable, and you couldnt dream of leaving or entering the room without waking up the little one- opening and closing the wooden door led to one hell of a racket.The spa was pretty good as well and we even got some treatments done for our 5 year old , who had got nicley baked in the Sanur sun.All in all, for the price that you are paying, you cant ask for more. I have paid much more and stayed in less satisfacory properties. A very relaxing place with very good levels of service. I dont mind going back again and yet again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":493,"mention":"paddy","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Paddy_Whiskey"],"startOffset":488}]}