{"text":"Overall good, but if you want to go in the ocean go to another resort... Let me start by saying that the staff is wonderful, the drinks great, and the food adequate. We had a good time and especially enjoyed the no kids, as we were on break from our own. The earlier reviews were right about the trip from the airport being long and bumpy- we took a private taxi as some had suggested and it was much better and quicker.  The major problem that I have were the two drownings that occurred during our stay. The beach has huge gorgeous waves. It was rough the entire time we were at the resort, and locals said that this is actually the roughest beach on the island and the main reason that the resort does not allow kids. While it is impossible to prevent rip tides from forming and taking lives in even fairly calm water, I feel that there should be basic safety equipment and\/or a plan in case an accident should occur. A sign saying swim at your own risk (and no lifeguards)does not cut it. They should have rescue buoys and a jet ski for rescue purposes. They should also have a direct line on the beach in case of emergencies (a security guard on the beach had only a walkie talkie with spent batteries). It took an hour for emergency response, and it was resort guests that saved one swimmer and pulled out the (sadly) drowned other swimmer. The third swimmer had yet to be found when I left. They also do not have an AED (they had a rusty antiquated and once again uncharged defibrillator that could not be used) which is not much of an expense, considering. I sure hope that they learn from their mistakes...who knows how things may have turned out differently if the resort was better prepared. On a lighter note, I would have to say that I would have preferred a second story room over a swim up room; not really swim up and you can't see the beach. Plus no access to your back door from the outside. Neutral on the excellence club. We did use the computers and have snacks there every day, but the staff was not very helpful (asked for basic help on several occasions and ended up having to go to the front desk concierge). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1940,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1936}]}