{"text":"A wonderful vacation had by all. This was our third year at Excellence and by far the best year.We had 4 couples in our group. First the negative: I am a little disappointed with the hotel and there willingness to accommodate the larger groups. I understand its a couples resort, however we were not the only group there with this complaint. A group of 8 is by no means a hard group to seat. So a few of the restaurants were able to do this and some wouldnt. But, whatever, not the end of the world.The hotel is under construction: One building is for sure. I didnt notice more. Im hoping the rest of the resort is under construction at one point as well. As much as I love the resort, it is in need of a face lift for lack of better words. Its a tad outdated. And while some rooms appeared nicer then others, I *might* be willing to chalk it up to the maid service. Its very incosistent . Out of the four of us couples, we all had different issues with the maid service. Our room was ok. There were flower petals on out bed when we checked in, which cause a swarm of ants on the bed and all the linens. Not to mention, two of our rooms we found roaches. Our Honeymoon Suite, which had a hot tub in it on the belcony, totally outdated. Not worth the money at all. Didnt even work when we first checked in. The beds were made in a timely fashion, and towels replenished.The food is the lobster house was not very good. We were very dissapointed. The Good.The food over all was pretty decent.The French Rest was fantastic. As always.Spice was to die for. OMG we loved it. All of us did.The Lobster House and the Grillcould be best left out.The Entertainment team made the whole trip and will probably be the only reason we go back, if thats what we decide to do.Rey, Ines, Andre, and Wilkins are WONDERFUL. They are just the friendliest, funniest and most hard working people Ive ever seen. They positivley made the trip the most awesome time we ever had. They for certain dont make enough for what they do.The over-all staff at Excellence was amazing. A few bad eggs, but as a group, WOW. The people are just, I cant say it enough, AMAZING.Victor in the Breakfast area in the morning and he works at Spice at night, was such a nice guy. Always smiling and happy. Loved him.Odani, Martinez, Ramon, all bartenders. Just funny and friendly.Over all, it was a great time. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2230,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2226}]}