{"text":"Never Again We just returned from a 9 day stay at the Sol Melia Caribe Tropical with our 4 children and a nanny.We rented 2 'suites' in the family section because you can't be near the beach or the 'family section if you book royal service which they didn't tell us until we got there. We spent over an hour and a half rearranging our rooms and giving up the royal service so we could be next to our kids and the beach. The rooms are very run down, dirty and old. The maids couldn't seem to find king size sheets for our bed and pillows and would put standard or queen on instead so our pillow cases were to short for the pillows and the sheets covered only half of the bed. We would be partly on the exposed mattress. Yuck!!There was constant leaking from the bathrooms on the 2nd floor into our bathroom which was gross. I had to call everyday at least 2 times to get towels for all of us to use to shower and clean up,and there are ants and other creatures in the rooms as well.Don't go expecting to have a lot to do on the beach as the website leads you to believe. Very few water sports are inclusive and the ones that are, the paddle boats (3 of them), the wind surfers (3 of them) and the sail boats (2 of them) are very, very old and run down. This is a very large resort so you have to make a reservation and you may not get to use any of this equipment till the next day. You have to pay for the banana boats. There is a slide you have to pay for too.That's it. Needless to say, our 12 and 14 years olds were bored by the 2nd day. We had previously gone to a beaches resort in Jamaica and this resort paled in comparison!There is only one location to get towels for the beach and the pools and it is far to walk to and they only give you one per person so you can't just get then for your whole family. A few times I went to trade in used towels for new and they didn't even have any. Crazy.This resort is HUGE. The lobby, the restaurants and all the evening entertainment is a 15 min walk from the rooms or you can take a train which is still 15 min after you have waited at the stop to get a ride.All the staff there, from the people at check in to the bartenders are very unfriendly. It was like we were putting them out by asking for something.The dress code for dinner in the restaurants is very misleading. My husband wore slacks, a collared shirt and closed toe sandals and we were all turned away because of his 'shoes'. I looked in and there was a man in the same restaurant wearing jeans and tennis shoes and a ball cap eating dinner with his family.The one good thing we can say is that the food in the restaurants was all very good . We did enjoy those.All in All, that was our 2nd time at a Sol Melia resort and we will never go to any Sol Melia resort again. ","annotations":[]}