{"text":"Not very clean, not very friendly I booked this hotel for one very important reason - they have kind of not too expensive parking charge (about $40 per day which is good for NY), and they said that I CAN OPEN A WINDOW in the room. Honestly, this is very important to me, I cannot stay in the room with the sealed windows, I get completelly sick, so I always call to the hotel before I do any booking. Anyway - out of all Manhattan' hotels I chose this one ONLY because they promised that I wouold be able to open a window ( a little bit!). Well, it was not true. When I came - they were very friendly, and they pre-register me at 10 a.m. assuring me that my room will be ready by 1 p.m. It was not true either. It was not ready even at 3 p.m. (official check - it time). I was able to get my room only at 4 p.m. It The building looks nice from outside, and the lobby is nice too, but inside - you feel like you are walking Ramada hotel. Not very nice, not very clean. The room has very limited furniture, you feel that one little table at least is missing. The beds are noisy and not comfortable, shaking on the high legs. Don't expect any nice pillows either. Everythign is minimized, but - SURE ENOUGH - you have that expensive mini-bar with the key, so they can charge you more. The toilet is not clean, the actual toilet has dirty stains all over, the water from the sink is leaking, and the water in the shower does not go away. The view howere is terrific, but the window is sealed, you cannot open it so you stay in the air-conditioned room without ay fresh air, and after a night sleeping in such a room your head is heavy and your nose is stuffed, and you have slight cold flu symptoms. I came to the reception and I talked to the Manager Marcos who said that they have other rooms where the window can be indeed open, and he said that they will move me. But = guess what - they did not. WHen I came to the reception again - Marcos was not there, but there was some other girl, and she was rude, she was rolling her eyes like I am asking for a moon from the sky, and she did not even apologize, thus .. it was not very nice. The hotel is full of children, It looks like thay are haveing some group deal overe there, but you do not expect to be right in the middle of the high school when you pay so much for your stay. You feel like you are camping with the bunch of boyscouts. If you do not mind it - sure you can chose this hotel. If you do not mind rude stuff - sure you can chose this hotel. But if you prefer to get a decent service for the money you pay - stay away, this is not a good place. And even your wonderfull view from the sealed window does not help. I also asked for some help to book some tourist tours - and received no assistance. The restaurant is of low quality and sure enough - overpriced. You do not mind to pay more for a good food in NY, but when you pay $60 for piece of meat you expect it to be a good piece at least - but it is not. The food was of Dennis' quality. I would say - this is 2 star motel in a body of high glass building, that's it. THe only advantage is - the location. It is really comfortable. You are right in the middle of Midtown, easy walking distance to everything you want to see in NY. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1144,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1140},{"endOffset":1144,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1140}]}