{"text":"I liked this hotel I stayed two nights at the Park Hotel. The first night I was put into a double room which was on the 31st floor. Even though I was way up there, the subway trains kept me awake most of the night. At 6:00am I wandered down to the front desk to get a room change so I could sleep and I was taken to a single room, which was much nicer, although smaller, on the otherside of the building. I could still hear the trains but it was a huge differance.Bonus: Toilet seat is heated, has a fancy bidet option as well as a heated section of the mirror so you can see when you get out of the shower and need to do your hair. There is a kettle and coffee\/tea in the room as well as good bathroom amenities and soaps.The Japanese restaraunt in the hotel was wonderful and the food was fresh. The girls that were in-training were a great help for shopping and subway directions. They were full of energy and very happy to help, which is more then I can say for the gentlemen at the front desk. The location was good for me as I just took the subway to Ginza to shop and look around the city. There a lots of places to eat in the lower level of the hotel as well as a Starbucks and a McDonalds if you need your western fix. They also offer free internet in their mini business centre with two semi private computers.The last night of my stay, a category 9 Typhoon stormed through Tokyo. The hotel lobby had computer printouts of the weather and kept the guests up to date with what was happening. The television stations had a few good stations that offered english interpretations. No problem in the morning and my flight left on time in the afternoon.They also offer an airport shuttle bus that makes a couple of hotel stops. When I arrived, it was quite late at night and I missed the last bus for this hotel. Thankfully, the airport counter attendtant for the limo shuttel bus service suggested I take the next bus to a close hotel and then taxi it over. This worked for me very well, although beware, taxi's are VERY expensive in Japan. It's a good hour from the Narita airport to this area of Tokyo, but it was worth it. They help with luggage as well as a comfortable ride. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":56,"mention":"Park Hotel","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Park_Hotel_Shanghai"],"startOffset":46}]}