{"text":"Overpriced and impractical Me and my husband honeymooned at the Barcelona Princess this past January for 2 weeks. Given the amount of money we spent on our stay, I can honestly say that it was not worth it. If the price had been half of what it was, perhaps I'd be giving it a slightly better review. To begin with, the hotel is decorated in a very trendy--and therefore often very impractical--way. The front lobby has seating that looks sleek and modern, and that feels very awkward and uncomfortable. The bedroom had a great view (we were overlooking the Mediterranean) but was VERY SMALL and cramped. I don't even know how they expect people to be able to work at the desk that was against the window because the space is so cramped. What upset me most is that we booked a king-sized bed and when we got to the room they had pushed two beds together and figured that wouldn't be a problem (it was our honeymoon for crying out loud). When we complained, they had little to say to resolve the issue. They also don't have an iron and when I requested one, they told me that I needed to purchase one from a store. No iron? Come on.When we were there, one of the saunas was broken and there were problems with the elevator, which is a big problem when you're staying on the 22nd floor. My husband dined at the restaurant there one night (he arrived one night before me) and said that the food was mediocre at best, the portions were tiny, and the price outrageous (which was my impression of lots of places in Barcelona, to tell you the truth--my least favorite thing about the city is the cuisine and its cost). The bathroom is very modern but, again, very cramped. The hairdryer was ridiculously heavy by any person's standards.As for the positives, here they are:1) The hotel is pretty clean and the maid service is very reliable.2) The views from the building are beautiful.3) The train is nearby and very convenient for going downtown or anywhere else.4) The mall next door is very convenient for shopping for food, clothes, dining out, etc.5) The Italian bartender (whose name escapes me--sorry!) was a joy to talk to--he helped us with everything, from advice on restaurants, to how to get around, etc. He was a sweetheart and a consummate professional. We LOVED him.Overall, I don't think the Barcelona Princess is awful. It's a decent hotel, but completely overpriced, especially given that it's not downtown. I would say that it's a good place to stay if you're going on a business trip solo and the company's footing the bill, but as a couple going for a romantic vacation--SKIP IT!However, please don't let this review discourage you from going to Barcelona. Its reputation is well-earned as a remarkably beautiful city with lots of things to do and see. The architecture is breathtaking. Definitely go to Parc Guell, La Sagrada Familia, Tibidabo, Las Ramblas, the aquarium, the omni theatre, etc. My husband and I had an amazing vacation in Barcelona regardless of the hotel being less than we had hoped for. ","annotations":[]}