{"text":"Wonderful! Not sure if I stayed at the same place as the person below me because I just returned yesterday from a 9 day stay at this resort. I went there with my new bride for our honeymoon and it exceeded all expectations I had for it. We were in an ocean view jr. suite in the Excellence club which I recommend for the extra money. We got the Honeymoon package which gives you a couples message and facial, I dinner for 2on the beach and breakfast in bed on a morning of your choosing. All just fantastic. While having dinner on the beach, they run your jacuzzi for you with bubbles, and throw rose peddels all over the bubbles. My wife loved that touch. I ordered a bottle of Dom which we drank lounging in the tub. It was one of the great nights of my life and I thank Secrets for that. The pool was fantastic and so was the beach. We split our time at both, took advantage of the beach barbeque almost every day as well. The people who work there are simply wonderful people. There were times where we were saying to ourselves, they are happier then we are and we are on vacation.LOL! Seriously they could not have been nicer and the service on the beach and at the pool were also impecable. The food was good at every restaurant we ate at and we tried them all. I didi not know what to expect from soem of the reviews but I thought all the food was fine. No it was not 5 star cuisine but if your looking for that, you dont go to an all inclusive. As far as the previous review talking about having one or 2 restaurants closed a night. The hotel was not at full capacity. Now I dont know what time they were going to dinner but I had to wait 2 or 3 nights and although they tell you its 30 minutes or an hr. wait, it never was that long. All you did was go to the bar, have a few cocktails and eventually eat. Not a biggie for me. Another thing that surprised me wa sthe bug issue. WHERE WERE THEY?? I didi get some bug bites but I was never swatting at bugs and getting over whelmed by them. You would have thought from reading some of these reviews that there were swarms of bugs desending on you. Mayeb its a seasonal thing but it was not an issue. All and all it was everything I could have hoped for. The only knock I have is that the ride to and from the airport is rough. BUT they are about to pave a brand new highway which should serious;ly take 1\/2 hr. off the ride because its more direct. The outside of the hotel needs a face lift as well but as far as the rooms were concerned, but now I am really critiqing. Its a greta hotel, maybe not 5 star but a very high 4 star standard. I recommend it to everyone! Thanks Secrets for a honeymoon to rememeber. ","annotations":[]}