{"text":"Very Very Disapponting.... We stay for 6 nights at the Grand Medina Sydney. I must admit that after my great experience in the Grand Medina Melbourne i had high hopes about this hotel, but the reality was totally the opposite.We were a party of 5 adults, and all the fifth of us went to the reception for the check-in at 12 PM. Since the check in time was 2 PM, the told us our room was going to be ready for that hour. We went for a walk and we came back the room was ready. We went to our apartment, and to our surprise the room was a 2 bedroom WITHOUT an extra bed. (Notice that the woman in the reception saw we were five but arrange the room only for 4...). We checked our vouchers and it said that we had booked a THREE bedroom apartement. We went to reception and showed - AGAIN - the voucher and empahside the fact that we had a 3 bedroom apartement. As logic indicates, the moved us to a 3 - bedroom apartment. After losing a lot of time, we left the hotel to go and enjoy the city. When we came back, in our room we had a note from a man named Robert something. He said that if we wanted to stay in that apartemente we had to pay an extra 200 Dollars per night since, in spite of what the voucher said, our travel agent had booked us a 2 bedroom apartment.We understood that our travel agent made the mistake, so 5 minutes after reading that note we went to the reception and told them that we were not going to pay that diference, that we wanted to move again to the 2 bedroom but, this time, with the extra bed. The answer from the man of the reception was that since this guy Robert went home he couldnÈ?ìt anything.....After speaking whit him and made him understand that if that night they left us in that room, under NO circustances we were going to pay the extra 200 dolars, he said that nobody coud help us in the hotel because robert went home and that all he could say.We finally stay that night in that apartment and first thing the next morning we spoke with this Robert and explain him the whole situation. BUT HE SAID THAT, in spite that we BEG them to move us to a 2 bedroom the night before, WE HAD TO PAY THE 200 DOLLARS for the night. We told him that we were not going to pay for that, so he said he would speak to out travel agent in Australia and see if they would pay for that difference and he PROMISED he would give an aswer that day.And we also asked him to move us again to a 2 bedroom w extra bed..Guess what happen? Till the end of our stay we never had any news from Robert and that day when we came back to the hotel we had the 2 bedroom apartmente...but WITHOUT THE EXTRA BED. After we went to the reception and complaint about it, they finally gave us the extra bed.A few days later, one of the guys of the reception (the only one that had manners and cared about the guests) told me off the record that he heard our australian travel agente was going to pay for the difference (which, btw, i think thay shouldnt because that first night we specifically told them we wanted the 2 bedroom Netiher this guy Robert nor any other person apologize for the inconvinience or helped in other way during our stay. They made us waste a lot of time and made us worried fot this situation mucho more than we should. Yes, the hotel has good location, and little les. ","annotations":[]}