{"text":"No to Bavaro Princess The gorunds are way to large. You must take a tram car to get around. Sometimes, depending on the time, we had to wait 30 minutes to get a tram because the ones that came by were full.  The AIR CONDITIONING IS A MAJOR PROBLEM WITH NO RELIEF IN SIGHT. We had no air for 2 days and this is with many calls to have it fixed. Two men finally came to our room at 7:00PM to look at it. We went to dinner and returned at 11:00PM to find half of the drop ceiling taken down, a ladder in the ceiling where the unit was located, tools all over the floor, a hose from the unit to the toilet in the bathroom, long pieces of metal hanging from the ceiling and no one there to tell me whats going on. A call to the front desk informed me that that there was a report that someone was there. No kidding! Are they coming back tonight or what ?. After asking for either a supervisor, the repair men to come back, or move me to another room, the only wat to get some type of respose was a threat to take pictures and post them on every travel website i could find! Finally the repair men came back and replaced the compressor and left at 12:40AM. If this was so involved, this work should have been done during the day, not at midnight. Service at this resort is almost non existing. The shower curtain rod came out of the wall and that took 2 days to get re-hung. I had to make a chain with the plastic clips that hold the shower curtain to the rod, with the shower curtain and clip the two ends of the chain to the towel racks. I felt like I was CAMPING. The last night we were there, my daughter found hundreds of little ants in her bed. We had to put the bed outside on the balcony.  It seems like the more you asked for services the slower the response was. Some of the staff were great (Ceasar at the pool and Ruben at the swim up bar in the pool), others had the attitude like- too bad, what are you going to do, leave. Believe me, I couldn't wait to leave. I will never go back to this resort even if it were for free and I think I speak for many of thr other guests that I had spoken to. ","annotations":[]}