{"text":"Send us back to dreams It was our first time staying at Dreams and like so many others traveling these days we poured over the reviews on TripAdviiser and realized that there were all kinds of reviews. I must say that the four of us staying the week of December 6th were all more than satisfied with the experience. It was not perfect but what vacation ever is?  The food was fair to excellant depending on where you went to eat and what you ordered. Not to worry if one meal was not as good as the one before because there was always more food at another place or even room service.  The staff was fantastic!!!! They were very attentive and took care of our every need. There attitudes were great and the warm greetings we received from everyone was so nice. At the World Cafe we had Welsi looking after us three or four times. We wanted to bring her home with us so that she could take over America with her warm smile and caring way. There were some storms while we were there so the ocean was a bit rough most of the time but the one day it calmed down the beach was amazing and the water was so inviting. Everything on the grounds of Dreams was well kept and clean. Of course, when you walked down the beach for a mile or two you came across a lot of litter. Don blame the Dreams staff for this, it is not their responsibility.  I don't believe it is possible to overstate how wonderful the pool is. I kept thinking how much fun my children would have had at the pool had we taken them there when they were younger yet I was glad that they are grown and we could just enjoy the pool without worrying about the children.  WE enjoyed the people selling their goods a few nights we were there. Just walk away if you don't want to purchase something but, if you do desire to purchase something, have some fun with it. We do a lot of cooking and our extended family does as well. We purchased 6 liters of Vanilla for between 6 and 7 dollars a bottle. I added three bottles of rum to my collection and my wife added a couple small pieces of jewlery. There is a shopping area about a half mile from the resort. We found the best prices(all marked and not negotiable) in the shop furthest away from the resort at the end of the little strip mall with all of the shops. I talked with the shop keeper of that shop at length and found out tthe workers at Dreams earn between 500 and 600 dollars per month. You don't have to tip when you are at Dreams but we realized that a dollar or two for us means a lot less than it does to those looking after us. We probably tipped about $75 over the course of the week.  Would we go back?????? Absolutely!!! I talked with a shop ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1912,"mention":"Vanilla","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Mille-feuille","http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola_Vanilla"],"startOffset":1905}]}