{"text":"Watch the food and leaks Arrived at the resort on December 23\/ 07 and left on the 30th via Air Canada from Winnipeg. Flight was exceptional, with less than 50 passengers on board. On arrival to Punta Cana, the trip through customs was quick and the Air Canada people were very efficient in the arrangement with transportation to the hotel.Arrival at the resort was uneventful and the checkin was expedient. We met some people from Canada behind us who said we were given the same room they had (I guessed they moved, and we found out why later).The room was OK, however, it is an older resort as evidenced by the old painted wooden doors to the rooms. The room appeared to have been redone and painted. The rooms (at least ours) are very exposed to noises from the pool and the entertainment areas which does not promote good sleep. The Dominican music was very loud ALL the time. The toilet didn't work very well and we experienced a huge leak in the ceiling from a rainstorm (and a burst hot water tank upstairs?). Complaining to the front desk was ignored and attempts to get relocated went unheeded, however, at least the sleeping area didn't get wet. Aside from a worker who mopped out the water, nobody came by to check on the leak or fix the ceiling. The availability of even warm water was kind of a hit and miss affair.Another interesting problem was getting a key for the safe in the room. After repeated requests to the front desk, a clerk (Carlos) finally gave us his personal key. THANKS to Carlos. In general, the front desk staff simply ignored any complaints \/ requests by looking at a computer screen and jotting down your room number.Staff at the restaurants were efficient and friendly, especially (Super) Mario at the buffet. The food was OK at the buffet and especially good at the Brazilian a la carte. However, my wife fell ill from something she ate at the Christmas eve dinner at the buffet (probably the lobster \/ fish dishes) which lasted for four days. Fortunately, I don't like fish so I had no problem.The beach was nice, with the exception of the beachfront shops adjacent to the resort where we were constantly harassed to buy.We did one excursion, the Marinarium. Had lots of fun.The rating on the travel brochure is somewhat misleading. At best, the resort is a 2.5 star. If going, beware of the food you eat and the room you get.We won't be going back to this resort. ","annotations":[]}