{"text":"The Inn good, the setting bad... Pros: Beautiful, well maintained, scenic facilities, Friendly and helpful staff, Clean rooms.Cons: Location and surrounding streets and neighborhood, security questions, overcharged based on menu prices at restaurants, fees for use of the fitness facility. The Inn was a very nice place. I want to begin this review with the major issues we had, however. Our priorities were safety and ease of getting around since the Inn is tucked away from other tourist-type destinations. Please read on, though, to the positives of the Inn, if my stated concerns are not high on your personal priority list. I agree with previous reviews that state it is not in a good location. It sits near industrial sites and a run-down community. Traffic problems and poverty abound in the vicinity. Of course, this is not the inn's fault, but travelers should beware if these are the issues that concern them:  First-Although we experienced no direct threats to our security, the grounds of Fajardo Inn are not gated and we saw no evidence of on-site security....? Secondary entrance doors were left standing open during the day.  Second-Driving to and from the Inn was treacherous! Streets near the Inn were very rough, with large potholes and traffic was very congested at times. If you plan to drive around Fajardo and Puerto Rico at all, note that the driving of locals is very unpredictable and wreckless by U.S. standards. Rules at stop lights are disregarded (stopping seems to be more of a suggestion), drivers cut others off on the thoroughfares and at corners. They are impatient, regularly laying on the horn and waving their hands in the air at other drivers! On Sunday of our visit, there were many people riding horseback on the streets (during the day and in the dark), blocking traffic, darting across in front of automobiles (at one location, with the horses tied up, the people sat in the roadways in the dark. This made even the safest driving hazardous). At the major intersection nearest the Inn, a local was approaching the car and panhandling daily.  The Inn itself is not a bad place, however. The facility itself was beautiful, with breath-taking views. The rooms were very clean and supplied daily (complimentary coffee,soaps, shampoo, conditioner, and lotion). The staff was friendly and accommodating. The pools were clean and inviting.The food at the Blue Iguana was good, while the Star Fish was fair. Service in both restaurants was average.  *Beware, however, that we were consistently overcharged on meals, drinks, etc. When we pointed this out, the response was that the menu prices need updating. (This seemed to be a trend, as the same thing happened at the highly recommended Rosa's). We found that the local restaurants in general were overrated, lacking high quality service and\/or pleasant fine dining atmosphere as ratings suggest. We came to believe that ratings were likely based on comparisions with other local establishments. We did not utilize the fitness facility, due to the fact there was an $5 fee for each session. On a final note, I read another reviewer's comment that plumbing was not functioning properly. We experienced that also. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":313,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":309},{"endOffset":2255,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2249}]}