{"text":"Issues with room and staff Hi, I stayed in the Barcelona Princess on the 22nd-26th of March 2007. The hotel is a bit out from La Rambla area so if you can find a hotel a little closer for an extra 50Euro I would suggest doing so as the hotel itself had nothing to draw you that far down the metro line unless you are penny pinching.On checkin it went fine, the room seemed fine, on the first day the blind did not work so we were up at dawn with the brightness in the room, they fixed this on the second day (we were there for 4nights). On the day they fixed the blind the safe would not open so we could not get our stuff out to start our tourist stuff. He brought back the safe after about 60mins it was so broke he had to carry it away and either fix it or replace with a good one. On the arrival back on the 3rd day the swipe would not work for us to gain access to the room. We were tired as most tourists are after walking around all day and had dinner booked for that night so wanted to lie down and shower etc. Instead we had to go down to reception where the lady who seemed to be around 30 odd yrs old so should have had more sense, she decided to show a younger staff member how to do it, so train him as we waited, so they made a mistake and now they were training the staff. Held my breath and said thanks and went up the 15floors and once again it didn't work, we went down again at this stage we are not happy as we are home 20mins now and going up and down like looneys. She sent up a guy with us with some special universal key, and once again it would not work so down the 15 floors again. He said it would be 30mins before we could get into the room as he had to get a handy guy. I said this to the orginial lady who seemed to have no empathy with our situation I asked what she suggest we do for 30mins considering we have been trying for 20mins to get in at our expense (up and down 3times) she said wait I asked for a drink of wine in the bar she said no. I asked for the manager she said there was none on duty, to that I said who is in charge if there is a fire and she said there is no fire. So rather than making us more frustrated I decided to say no more and go for a walk, we called back at 21:45 and she said It was open 10mins after we left anyway before we even said anything so we could have exploded with frustration with the receptionist as she was not being constructive or sympathetic. A glass of wine would have kept us relaxed and quiet and you get a complementary beer and coke every day in your fridge (cheap beer) so I can't understand why she was so reluctant to see it from our point of view and give a little.So staff problems with zero empathy is a high chance should anything go wrong. Also it is a bit out making it a pain to go out after touring around during the day and back in for dinner (20-25mins on metro).Also outside of Summer period the upper bar is closedThe pool is very cold.So 4Star in my mind means some empathy with residents but this does not exist.This is why I am giving it a trip advisor two stars=Okay but some problems. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2681,"mention":"zero","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola_Zero"],"startOffset":2677}]}