{"text":"Oh dear........................ On the positive side, the staff, without exception were superb, friendly, helpful and courteous. Also the hotel location is very central.Like many frequest travellers I am curious how hotels of different styles, age, service, facilities etc....can equally be classified under a particular star rating as there often seems to be inconsistent offerings. While I have learned to accept this I can not accept a same star rating (5 Star GL) for two hotels owned by the same Group where their customer offerings are wildly inconsistent. I stayed in the Hotel Urban in Madrid in early August and could find no fault with this property or its positioning in the 5 Star GL market. I had looked forward to my stay in its sister hotel in Barcelona. Was I disappointed..................I had requested early check in due to flight timings and was informed on arrival that the room was not ready, which was not an issue. The manager of the hotel was on hand to greet us on arrival and as part of our booking upgrade we were to get a complimentary glass of champagne and a room upgrade. Wonderful I thought! We were given a room to freshen up and then go to the roof top bar for our drink. When it came to signing for the drink the barman could not deal with it as complimentary as we had not been assigned a room! I paid! I am still waiting on my complementary drink...................We were given access to the room at 2:30pm. The upgrade room was duplex, which is a category down from the junior suite originally booked! We were then taken to another upgraded room. We had lost interest in complaining. After a while the various noises were a curiousity. I then worked out that our room was directly below the roof top pool! Noise of loungers being dragged along and all the splashing around. The pool closes at 8. The hotel makes reference to its total sound proofing - even the quiet summer time traffic of Barcelona centre was audible. If this qualifies as an upgrade, I dispare.As for the room......... the hotel prides itself on its antiques collection and boasts at least one piece in every room. Perhaps I missed it, but there was no obvious antique in the room. The advertised tea\/coffee facilities did not exist, no iron\/ironing board was to be made available - meaning (costly) hotel services had to be used. This is entirely unacceptable. The bathroom was clean and functionally but totally in need of modernisation.No, I won't be back, but it is the expectation gap from my Madrid experience that I felt most let down about. ","annotations":[]}