{"text":"Very Relaxing There are a lot of reviews already about this resort already, and most of them are accurate. We traveled as 2 families, including a 9-year old and a 10-year old. The week we travelled, the facility was less than half full, so keep that in mind as you read.Pluses:1. The food was better than expected - the only restaurant that we thought was below par was the Brazilian, where the meat was dry and not particularly tasty. The tenderloin in the steakhouse was very good. The Japanese restaurant was decent (make a reservation when you arrive), although not as much fun as a hibachi restaurant in the US. Breakfast and lunch buffets were very good.2. The resort is beautiful and immaculate. For a resort of this size, it is amazing that you see no garbage around and not a hair out of place.3. The pool is very nice - cool and refreshing, especially early in the day.4. The beach is beautiful, with a bar close by. 5. The lounge chairs were abundant and extremely comfortable. Because the resort was not busy, we were able to stay in an area that is normally Family Concierge, where they had waterproof beds that you could lie on instead of lounges. By the pool and on the beach, there was plenty of shade, from trees and constructed umbrellas.6. The kids enjoyed the Mini Club (Ceres does a great job in supervising the kids), especially the horseback riding excursion, which is done twice per week.7. Water aerobics at the pool each day was entertaining. It's great to see people do aerobics while holding a drink in one hand.8. The service was good, despite some language barriers.9. Drinks were generous, with some name brand liquors available. 10. The golf course was very nice, and only a short drive away. Reserve tee times immediately upon arrival, to ensure that you get to play.Minuses:1. Checking in can be trying. We were sent to Royal Service for some reason, then sent back because we did not sign up for it (by the way, I imagine that Royal Service is only worth the money if the property is busy - it was unnecessary for us, other than saving time at check-in). We then had to wait a couple of hours for a room, and had trouble getting an extra bed for my daughter. Also, at a time when the property was not busy, for some reason, they couldn't give us adjoining rooms.2. If you have any customer service issues, you will find that if you speak Spanish, you will get better, quicker responses. At the front desk, the staff will immediately turn away from your issue if a person speaking Spanish comes over to speak to them.3. In their enthusiasm to keep the grounds and beach immaculate, they have workers out at sunrise cleaning up, including using leaf blowers and chain saws! This can affect your ability to sleep beyond 7 or 7:30.4. Not much nightlife (not a problem for us). The casino is nice but very small, and they had a blackjack rule that is unfair - if you split or double down, and the dealer has blackjack, you lose the extra bet as well as the original bet. That seems like highway robbery.5. My daughter left a sweatshirt in the breakfast restaurant (I have no idea why she brought it in the first place). We could not get a great response from anyone in trying to find it, and were ultimately unsuccessful.6. Keep in mind one thing that we were not aware of until arrival, because of our own ignorance - the resort is on the Atlantic Ocean, not the Caribbean Sea, so the seas are rough. This may be a plus for those that like more action. My preference is the clear blue water of the Caribbean. Excursions are available to the Caribbean, but the all-day excursion involves a 1:20 bus ride. Some of our group members took the half day snorkeling excursion and had a great time.7. You should expect to not leave the premises during your time there, other than for excursions. There is a shopping area nearby, but the surroundings are not well developed (lots of poverty).Some have spoken about bugs - the only time we encountered them were at dusk (small gnats, only some of the days) and in the bathroom (yes, the harmless tiny ants that everyone talks about in earlier postings). No big deal at all.Overall, we had a great time, and would go there again, but probably not during high season when the service and restaurant availability would be more difficult. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1289,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1285}]}