{"text":"Fairly-Priced, Decent Experience...Far from Great, though My experience with the Hotel Nes was decidedly better than many of the reviews here. However, I can see how others could have had a worse experience than I did.Indeed, the location is great. About a 10 minute walk from the Red Light District and Dam square, but far-enough away so as to be in a quiet neighborhood.I paid 130 Euros a night for a room with two single beds (for one person), with a bathroom. Booked online with easytobook.com.No problems with the staff. They were friendly, efficient, and helpful. The public areas downstairs are indeed clean, tasteful, and pleasant. Breakfast was decent: Facilities were clean, food was good, with a good choice of items (though yes...Orange juice costs extra, which is sort-of a theme at this hotel...More in a moment).My room (number 8) was plenty-big enough for one, and would be fine for two, as well. A small desk, two chairs, a closet, two operable windows, and a standing floor fan. Bathroom was pretty small, but that's to be expected in Amsterdam. Standard bath amenities included (towels, soap, shampoo, shower cap).Overall, the hotel is a bit of a hodgepodge, as if they're still in the process of refurbishing: There are some stylish lamps and furnishings in the rooms, though the bathroom light was a spooky fluorescent disc that took some time to come up to full power (like, minutes). Bedding and towels were clean, but the inside of the door to my room had been patched with spackle (on a metal door), and as-yet unpainted. Not very attractive, but certainly not a big deal.As for the aforementioned 'theme': There is a computer terminal in the lobby. I asked how to access the internet with it, and was told that I'd need to buy a card from them for 6 Euros per hour to use it. The guy also (thankfully) offered that there are cheaper ways to get online in town at various internet cafes and coffeeshops...Which is true. So, no ripoff there. Later, I asked how to make a local phone call from my room. I was told that they had to 'turn on' the phone to access an outside line, and that it was 'expensive'. I just bought a sim card for my GSM phone instead for 15 euros. So, while they were fair-enough about suggesting cheaper alternatives to the requests I made, at the same time, my requests were pretty standard for guests' needs at a hotel, yet were seemingly 'out of the ordinary' at this place.And MY experience with the TV is as follows: Upon arrival and dumping my bag in my room, I turned on the TV to find a very poor picture on the screen, on a number of channels. I touched the dongle hanging from my room key to the 'eye' on the TV, and nothing improved. I later found out that this cost me 9 Euros for 'pay tv'. Never did see any improvement in the picture for the rest of the day, nor was I even given access to any other channels. The TV was utterly baffling: For a short while, I was getting a snowy version of BBC, which was great. But later on, I couldn't access that channel at all...The 'channel up' button would get me as far as channel 13 before automatically switching back to channel one after a few minutes. In fact, I still don't quite know how to turn the damn thing ON in the first place. You can push the power button all day, and nothing happens. But go to the bathroom, and when you come out, the TV has decided to turn on, after all. Totally and unnecessarily complicated. But...Who comes to Amsterdam to watch TV, anyway?So, in closing: The hotel Nes was well-priced for a city like Amsterdam, with a good location, and other than the silliness of the TV, I had no major complaints. But then, I only stayed two nights. If I were to stay there for more time that that, things might have gotten to me a bit more. ","annotations":[]}