{"text":"Fabulous building, shame about the staff This is a strange one. My wife and a friend of ours visited, having booked through an online travel agency. When the 3 of us arrived to check in the staff clearly had two seperate documents for two rooms, one for two people, the second for one.They only checked two of us in - myself and our friend, into one room. with two single beds. They upgraded us but then got upset when I told them they had it wrong. It seemed they totally ignored my wife who was standing next to me because she did not hand her passport over (we had, wrongly, assumed one per soon, not everyone's). This set the tone of the visit as it was like dealing with the Civil Service or Prefects at school. Having sorted out the booking we then waited over an hour for luggage to come - I went to get it myself which caused some sort of action having had reception tell me 30 minutes earlier it was already on it's way to usArriving on the club floor we were checked out by an officious woman to the point where I was starting to think about going elsewhere. She acted like police and made us feel very unwelcome. Friendliness was not a trait the staff were showing.It got worse - the cleaner found a mark on the carpet and the duty manager rang, came to inspect it and asked if I knew how it had happened! I felt like I was being interrogated - especially when he mentioned burning and it as clear the mark was dirt from a shoe or similar. At this point I was wishing for my normal Exelscior hotel. The room was excellent - the harbour views do beat my normal place, the room bright and airy with a modern feel. The locality is good, very good bar two doors away if you do not want to listen to the karaoke in the hotel lounge or watch German football on their big screens. Structurally this is a new, modern hotel and the rooftop pool a gem. It only has 3 lifts for 32 floors so they are slow. As I was checking out I found the staff doing it lovely. It may me wonder if we were unlucky and just got a bad shift of staff. I think if you book a club floor Harbour View room direct you will be treated well, if not then it felt like anything could happen. Would I stay again? Possibly to give them the benefit of the doubt, maybe I got the staff on a really bad couple of days. Certainly I'm in no hurry to give them more of my money. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1426,"mention":"dirt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dirt_cake"],"startOffset":1422}]}