{"text":"Great Value Hotel I was nervous about going to this hotel. Some of the reviews I'd read and pictures I saw made me think it would be ok but others weren't so good and I was still worried. I need not have been. Yes, it's not the four star hotel that I would normally look to stay in for a week or more's holiday, but it more than deserves it's two stars, to be honest, I would happily give it three. Arrival and check in was quick and painless, the reception staff were very efficient and spoke good English - particular thanks to Fran who was a very helpful young man indeed. We found our room to be very pleasant indeed, sadly it smelt of smoke but it wasn't bad enough for us to feel that we needed to switch rooms. Yes there were small things that some travellers might have taken photos of and posted on here, a bit of plaster missing from the corner of the concrete post in between the beds for instance, but frankly, for a two star hotel, it was more than adequate. The rooms were exceptionally clean and had everything we needed for a weekend - no tea\/coffee making facilities but there was a mini-bar if you don't mind paying mini-bar prices. There were even toiletries in the bathroom which I'm not sure you'd expect to find in a two star property? There was a safe in the spacious wardrobe. Beds and pillows were very comfortable indeed and the rooms had air conditioning. I'd read some reviews that said this hotel wasn't in a very good location for eating out. Well, it is in easy walking distance of everything I can think you'd need. An easy 10 minutes to the Bus Turistic stop by the marina for instance, 10 minutes to La Rambla and about 20 to 30 minutes to the fountains (yes we walked it there and back!). There are places to eat within a couple of minutes walk and we felt safe even when we were walking around late at night (two female travellers!). It's a great place to stay if you wish to visit the two theatres in Ave Parallel as they're only about 5 mins max walk. The breakfast room seemed a lot smaller than I'd expected but was never more than half full and served a very acceptable continental style breakfast. There's not a bar in the hotel but there is a luggage room if you need it - which we did! I couldn't fault the hotel or it's staff and I would definitely consider staying there again should I return to Barcelona! ","annotations":[]}