{"text":"First class hotel, Five class service My husband was in Hong Kong for business and I went with him. We stayed there for 3 very frustrating week. 1. It is a business hotel and they charge internet per machine (even though once u walk out, there is free WiFi connection). upon reviewing the weekly statement, we found out that there were many internet charges for one day. some days there are 3 or 4 internet charges (at flat rate 160HKD each). we questioned the front desk on friday and ask them to look into it. Sat whole day, no one get back to us. sun morning, they called us and asked if its ok to settle the weekly bill. we were like, there is still the charges pending... they said they will look into it. Sunday nite, the new invoice arrived, which i really cannot find the difference from the first one. so i raved down to the reception pointing out to them what is wrong. Their response is that I clicked the internet charges page too many times causing this error. i therefore asked them to give me a detail break down as to the time of these clicks. some of them happened at 6am in the morning which no one in our room was even up yet. so after pounding at them for an hour, they finally found out that their business center consistently and mistakenly, charge internet usage to our room for unknown (or no reasons). They overcharged us by about 200USD for the first two weeks. i spent 1 whole day going through pages of invoices for 2 weeks, line by line, trying to sort things out and ask them to reissue invoices (to claim company expense) and also check w the bank to ensure that that they charge the correct amount. All these could have been avoided if the hotel could just do their job and investigate immediately when received customer's complain. Also they should not have come up with such a complicated charging system if their staff and system cannot handle them. 2. I made reservations at the lobby lounge (in person) and showed them my room key card and they still manage to forget to take it down.3. all the magnetic card keys issued to us stop working on a Monday. we went to the front desk and they said that WE must have demagnetized the card (all 3 cards) at the same time. Later, we found out that in fact, that monday was our original check out date. The hotel staff forgot to update our room key cards. The motto of this hotel - CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS WRONG when they complain. This is not what i expect when i pay HKD 2900 per nite for a room. ","annotations":[]}