{"text":"Best family resort ANYWHERE! Okay-seriously...this is an amazing place and anyone on this site who doesn't agree...they must have had some really bad luck and that is that. I'm a very seasoned travellor...have been many places all over the world and atleast 8 other Carribean islands so you can take my word for it.We loved it from start to finish and even considered dropping life back home and staying another week. We had friends arriving the day after we left and we can't wait to hear about their trip.The place is 5 star all the way. The rooms are beautiful and clean and we had just a plain deluxe room...no upgrade. We even got an early check in..arrived at noon and our room was clean and ready for us...the cookies they greeted us with were still warm! And the champagne was cold...they even greeted my son with a juicy red apple.We were on the first floor in building 3 right at the bridge and that was great because we had easy access to the pool with our 5 year old. The grounds and beach are beautiful...simply amazing.The EXPLORER'S CLUB for the kids is first rate...our son had so much fun. Some days he just wanted to play there for hours. It was great that they gave us a cell phone so we felt at ease that if there were any problems we could get to him within minutes. There is so much to do for kids and the place is definately the best for families. If I was going there for a quiet romantic place with my husband, I'm sure this would be a different review.Overall the food was good...we tried several of the a la cartes and we never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a table and services was good...the Mexican food was really good. Great variety at the buffet every day too and staff was pleasant and very attentive.All 600 staff members at this resort work so hard and very long hours to make our trip enjoyable. I would like to thank them all for that.We read about the bad drive but we flew into La Romana airport and the drive was one hour 15 mintues each way but 80% of the road is brand new...maybe one section had some pot holes but our drivers were very careful and we drove through several villages and one big city so the drive was really interesting and went by quickly.Overall I highly recommend this for a high quality vacation for the whole family. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1052,"mention":"CLUB","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1048}]}