{"text":"great location and breakfast This is a large hotel with all the services included. It looks posh with over staffing everywhere from driveway attendants to downstairs entry information(1st floor) then Reception, lobby attendant and foreign visitor information that doubles as a porter's desk (but no porters) on Level 3 (LB , short for lobby).My wife and I struggled with 3 bags and a 2 year old child, my wife is 5 months pregnant. I was offered no help with the bags at any time but all staff watched us fumble our way into the lobby then to our room. For a service country I found this a disgrace.We checked in and were given a smoking room that was tiny and smelt like an ashtray (smoking is common in Japan). We swapped to a non smoking room and the room was more modern and within the room was a tiny round table useless (removed) and pants press (removed) and a massage chair with kneading and shiatsu settings that was too big to move. It was also very good . The room was tiny and it had a small non-opening window.The entertainment unit was connected to an intra net where you could get RJ45 net connection and a variety of speeds (was best in the mornings when the businessmen had left). Also connected was videos on demand and TV and a few other quite simple information.The room once emptied of round table and pants press was quite nice and although a small room it was well appointed. The bed was against the wall.We had no problems getting an extra towel and other bits.The normal capsule type bathroom was the largest of the 4 hotels we did stay at in Japan.Breakfast was included and was great, with a wide variety of Western and Japanese food available.We did travel with a child of 2 and the hotel made no attempt to create any extras or help or obvious immediate help without being asked. I was told that I was only allowed one room key. I was given another after I begged for about 10 minutes as my pregnant wife did not want to be woken up at 3 am when I arrived home at night and that she would need power while I was gone.Some staff spoke English and some staff should never have entered the hospitality industry but at the same time some staff were great. I believe if you work in an international hotel as a lobby attendant you should at least be willing to try and listen to guests instead of walk off (obviously) and help someone else.The smoking room we had originally been given was smelly and somewhat oddly wrong , but the second room (non smoking) was great, if not small for 3 people and 3 bags and the desire to stand in the room at the same time. However we extended our stay in this room as the breakfast and the location where very very good. and the room had all modern amenities.the room was sometimes very hot and the air con only had low, medium or high settings only. check in and check out was sometimes met with a line. I might stay here again if average could not be found cheaper some place else locally. ","annotations":[]}