{"text":"Best Vacation Ever This has got to be the best vacation my husband and I have ever been on and we've been to Mexico and Jamaica to compare. We were there Aug 15-Aug 22. From the minute we arrived it was awesome. We had just been to the Dominican with our children and decided to go back for our 15th Wedding Anniversary so the airport\/transfer was no problem. As mentioned in previous reviews we were greeted with a wet towel and a glass of champange. Hector checked us in with no problems.The hotel is beautiful and the staff are the best. Anything you need they aim to please, everything is My pleasure. The Beach is absolutely gorgeous..... here's a hint while on the beach walk toward your left until you come to the next resort. The water is so calm and clear , it was spectacular. I only wish I had known about it before our last full day there. It is definately worth the walk. The entertainment staff have so much fun and are so friendly. Francisco, Franklin and Isabel you are great! We loved Michael Jackson night and the 70's\/80's show! We were there during Hurricane Dean but it was no problem, they took care of us. Every night before the entertainment show the staff dance with those in the audience so be ready, they really do have a great time. Kafe Cafe is the best bar, it's located right behind the lobby, Jose, Kenny and Greison you are awesome! Make sure you have one of their Coco loco's, they are very tasty. The food, in our opinion, was very good. The lobster house was our favorite, we ate there twice. The Lobster is delicious. The Spice restaurant and Agave were probably our next favorite. The Grill served filet which was also very good. If I had any complaints about the food it would have been at the Mediterrean Restaurant. There menu is not very extensive and we sat outside. Of course that was the night the mosquitoes were out full force. The Ladies do wear sundresses and look very nice and the men are held to the no shorts rule so make sure to bring at least a couple pairs of pants. I could go on but everything else has pretty much been said in other reviews. My husband and I will definately go back to this resort. AWESOME job everyone!!!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1923,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1919}]}