{"text":"What a great hotel We've just gotten back from a trip to Tokyo, and Osaka. Having never been to Japan, I was unsure where to stay. I did know that we liked to shop, but also realized that being near a subway\/train station is critical to explore as much as possible.We took the airport bus from Narita, it was very convenient and economical and drops you right at the hotel. The room we had was very large, well decorated, and a very good value for Tokyo, quite frankly a bargain for any large city. We paid less than $200 a night with no breakfast. There is a great little coffee shop across the street from the hotel, very good espresso and some pastry selection.The lobby and staff were excellent. I have to say that the concierge service made this a perfect stay. They were knowledgeable, polite, and great at their jobs -- spoke excellent English. Why is this important? Well, because Tokyo really has a very scattered way to their streets and addresses. It really is almost impossible to locate something by address unless someone maps it our for you.The location, although not quite in ginza, is really good because it is near central transportation. There is a large grocery store right next to the station, we stumbled on it. We ate nearby at Dadaiya, very good, somewhat hip restaurant that served kind of fusion Japanese. Atmosphere was very nice, food was excellent -- don't order too many dishes like we did, although small plates they aren't actually that small. We also ate at the crab place literally across the street from dadaiya on the second floor. I think the translation was the Crab House. Their crab was good, crab sashimi (an experience). They have both cooked crab and uncooked.I would definitely stay at this hotel again for the service, location, value and just a feel of Tokyo. Most guests were Japanese, why stay in a generic American hotel chain? ","annotations":[{"endOffset":579,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":573}]}