{"text":"Family of three enjoyed thoroughly I was lucky enough to spend two fabulous weeks at this resort. I traveled with my husband, two year old son, as well as a few other family. We stayed in the Royal service and were warmly greeted in the royal service lounge. Following check in we were able to help ourselves to a cocktail while the butler loaded our luggage into a golf cart in preparation for the trip to our room. We were pleased with the large size of the room as we were travelling with a toddler who needs a little extra space to play. The room was immaculate. We did not , however, figure out the air conditoner knob did not work until the second week. My husband was able to manually turn the unit on once we figured out the problem. Even without the airconditioner the room was cool enough, just a little damp for my liking. We also thought the shower was broken but after a call to the maintenance man who showed us how to work it, we found there really wasn't a problem.The buffets were good. Not amazing, but we didn't go hungry. Certain items such as sausage and other cured meat taste different from what I am used to but thats the way it is there. We tried all the a la carte resteraunts. Italian was boring. Dominican was surprisingly good with great service. French had great food but the service was horrible and you may or may not acutally get your food. Japanese was good-ish food but the experience of sittiing at the table with travellers from all over was really interesting. My husband and I really liked the chinese but others in our party did not. Mexican and the American were good. The international had very interesting items but they were not well prepared (read: overcooked).For people travelling with young children: there are no cheerios there, and the milk is UHT. I know a couple of people I talked to said there kids would not drink the milk, my kid included. Also do not by diapers at the mall just adjacent to the resort. i spent $20 for 24 pampers. Plaza bavaro and other shopping areas are much cheaper. I did not visit the childcare area but I was told by my beloved mother that there is not too much going on for kids under 4. But all the employees seemed to love children and tried to befriend my son. I never felt awkward taking him into any resteraunt even when he was behaving like the two year old he is. We attended the kiddie disco and enjoyed. My only gripe is that there is no playground area where the kid can play and I can watch.I also want to say that yes the resort is huge and i got lost lots of times. But the resort is beautiful and immaculate. I would eat off the sidewalks it is so clean. The size of the resort was actually beneficial as there is no town nearby. In two weeks we never got bored. We did go one outing to Manatai park. It was fun for children. The bus ride there . . . well the bus had no windows. . .and it rained on the way back . . . while travelling at 70kph! Hold on to your hats and young ones! I lived to tell.Overall it was a great place the staff were attentive and I was dissappointed I had to leave! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1540,"mention":"chinese","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/P%C3%A2t%C3%A9_chinois"],"startOffset":1533}]}