{"text":"Review if you have kids We were at this resort from the 13th of January to the 20th of January 2007. I was there with my husband and 4 year old. My friend, her husband, her 5 year old and 8 year old. And also another friend.KIDS: Has a kids club that is operated by one person. The toys were very outdated and they did not have many supplies. They did have turtles that my child loved to play with. They also had some movies and outdoor playsets. It is beside a shallow pool. I never left my child there unattended, but many others did. They did organize the children to perform on stage before the adult shows. Kids mainly just swam in the pools and ocean. Bring games.WEATHER: Excellent. Did not rain more that 30 minutes the entire week. Very very hot. My child experienced a heat rash and needed to stay out of the sun between 12 and 3. Use 50 sunscreen.FOOD: Average. Mexican restaurant and the Italian restaurant were good. The buffet was fine. You can generally find something to eat. Many types of cereal for the kids. SICK: 6 out of 8 people got very sick. Everyone vomitted and had severe diarrhoea. It all happened the same night, so we think it must have been the food. Everyone recovered within approximately 24 hours. They have a doctor on the resort that saw my child for a heat rash and we did not pay anything.RESORT AND POOLS: Very nice. The pools are great. Good for kids, many different depths. Plenty of areas for shade. Bring a air mattress or rings for the kids.BEACH: Best part of the resort. Great light sand. Huge waves. Lots of chairs available. You can walk and walk. There is a shopping area right on the beach. ROOMS: Worst part of the resort. Compared to the resort, the rooms are very poor. We had three different rooms and all of them were below average. The tile was chipped, grout looked dirty, rust and stains in the bath tub. It was extremely musty smelling. Bring some air freshener spray. Invaluable! No bugs though. Never saw one anywhere. The rooms are large. Once I got over the difference between the rooms and the resort, it was okay. We left the maid daily gifts such as candy, gum, crayons, nylons, makeup and also a tip. The room was always cleaned. Air condition was excellent.ENTERTAINMENT: Daytime games and night time shows. There is a kids show each night and then the kids are allowed to run on the stage. This my child LOVED. I only saw a couple of the shows and they were good.SERVICE: Poor. We asked for three rooms together and did not get it. Kept being told to come back. We did and did not get anywhere. Friends closet was leaking water. Asked for it to be fixed, but it never was. Other friends lock on her room did not work, they came prompty and fixed it. We did not do any excursions. Can not comment on those. Good trip, but likely would not go back to this resort unless it was cheap cheap. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2121,"mention":"candy","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Candy"],"startOffset":2116},{"endOffset":2126,"mention":"gum","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chewing_gum"],"startOffset":2123}]}