{"text":"Huge room, great views We have just spent two weeks travelling along the California coast, staying in five different locations. First stop, 3 nights at The Argonaut Hotel, San Fransisco, where we had 3 rooms as there was 7 of us (including 3 teenagers). All the rooms were huge with two double beds leaving more than enough space for a third if nessecary, the bathrooms however, were small in comparison but quite adequate with some lovely toiletries. Each room had great views over the bay of either Alcatraz or The Golden Gate Bridge. After the first night one of our group, who is a very light sleeper, asked to be moved because of the noise from the next room, this was done immediatley with no other incidents occurring.As the hotel is small the staff are much more on show, we found them to be very friendly and eager to please. We particularly enjoyed the wine tasting evenings, to which every one is invited.The hotel is located on the edge of Fishermans Wharf which has become in our opinion, a very busy, tacky, tourist area and not really our sort of thing. However, it is right next to the cable car turning point, which is a must and also provides easy access into the other areas of San Francisco. The ferries are also based here, along with the Sea LIons and many other atractions. Next to the Hotel is a bicycle shop, where you can hire bikes for the day to 'bike the bridge,' which is exactly what we did. There are many different routes that you can take from 8 miles to 25! This for me was one of the highlights of the holiday, although we were absolutely nackered the next day it was well worth it, just to see everything from a different perspective.The weather was quite changable and at times a jacket was needed however, when we biked over to Sausalito and TIburon the weather was very different and much hotter and we all returned somewhat sunburned.We really enjoyed our stay at The Argonaut and apart from its location in Fishermans Wharf , would most definatly stay there again. ","annotations":[]}