{"text":"As good as the reveiws suggest Our first trip to NYC, and we booked the Sofitel based largely on the basis of the reviews we have read on TA.And we were not disappointed. The Hotel is very well positioned and from the moment we arrived we were made to feel welcome by friendly and efficient staff. No delays at reception or indeed at any other time during our 4 night stay. Although this is a large Hotel it doesn't not feel like it. The reception, lobby and bar areas have a comfortable and intimate feel.We would struggle to find anything to criticise. The rooms are large, comfortable and well equipped. The beds were very comfortable with a choice of pillows. Bathroom was spacious and spotlessly clean. Room service was of course pricey but again the service was freindly and efficient. The bar\/dining area is a pleasant area to relax in after a hard day's sightseeing, although we did not eat in the Hotel. There is free internet access in the Hotel Lobby, including free printing if you need it. And how about this? On our last day we booked a Town car to take us to the Airport. We would recommned this as the yellow cabs are of variable quality, as are the drivers - just like most other big cities. Our luggage was loaded but the boot (or trunk) would not close properly. The Bell staff and Concierge were immediately on the scene, got us straght into another town car, apologised, and said that would be refunding the cost of the car. We thanked them and said that really wasn't necessary. But they did refund our credit card immediately. Well Done Sofitel - were looking foward to our next visit. Our own recoomdations (and you will never be short of these in New York!):1. Rainbow Room for dinner (or drinks) in the Rockefeller Centre for the best views in Manhatten. Book early2. Morton's Steak house for casual dining in the bar (with light bitesfor Brits\/Europeans who aren't used to such large portions)3. Good light lunches\/snacks when shopping in Bloomingdales (ground Floor)4. Carmines Italian restaurants for the atmosphere, but not for the food. 5. Tavern on the Green in Central Park for somewhere a bit different. Bit of a Toursit trap, but quirky. All in all a great trip based in a very good Hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1698,"mention":"Rainbow Room","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rainbow_Room"],"startOffset":1686}]}