{"text":"Enjoyable and convenient I stayed 3 nights with my fiance over labor day weekend. We had a junior suite, room 1406, for $339 per night. That seems to be a pretty good rate for this hotel and has maybe colored my impressions of value (which is very favorable)Overall, I really enjoyed my stay.Most of the reviews I've seen capture the essence of the place, so I'll focus on things I haven't seen mentioned.The room was larger than expected with huge windows that actually opened to a limited extent - the lower pane slid up about 5 inches (presumably limited so children can't squeeze through). You don't often see this feature on the 14th floor, and it's nice to let the air in sometimes.The floor in our room was wood (actually pergo) which was a really nice change from hotel carpeting and I think added a lot to the airy, comfortable feel of the room.This was the week before fashion week, so they were building the tents across the street in Bryant Park. Even though they worked through the night, the noise was tolerable and no worse than many midtown hotels. I can imagine this might be a really quiet hotel for a street-facing room in midtown if you don't come immediately before or during fashion week.This was a smoking room. When we arrived, it was a little smoky so I called the desk. Housekeeping arrived within 3 minutes with some air freshener and told us they would put an ionic cleaner in the room while we went to lunch - when we returned it was very fresh smelling without a trace of cigarette smoke. The hotel has a very strict policy about smoking in non-smoking rooms with a $500 penalty for doing so, which I was told about on check in (although it didn't apply to this smoking room). I chose the smoking room because we had arrived early (at noon) and it was all that was available unless we wanted to wait until regular check in time. It was also on a high floor - the clerk told me that floors 6 - 12 are non-smoking and 14-16 are smoking.Didn't try the restaurant as we had other plans each night. Location is fantastic.Best surprises: the really friendly, laid back staff; the size and airiness of the junior suite room (at least large and airy by Manhattan standards)Most disappointing: the mystery of the sometime there, sometimes not doorman; the small size and lack of public space in the lobby. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":759,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":755}]}