{"text":"Simply The Best We stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites the week of February 23 after vacationing the past 2 winters in Montego Bay, Jamaica. Not to take anything away from Jamaica, but we were both extremely impressed with our stay at the Sirenis and quite likely will return again.Overall: A very impressive resort for the money and one that we would recommend to our friends and family.The room: a 2 room suite (although we spent very little time in the front room), huge closet with safe. King bed wasn't the most comfortable. Fresh linens daily. Bathroom was clean and well stocked. Mini-bar was stocked everyday with pop and water. Our room was N106 very close to the pool area with an incredible view. Balcony with 2 chairs and a table. We heard no noise from neighboring rooms.The food: the food was always very good. We tried 3 of the a la cartes (mexican, italian and seafood) and all were good. Otherwise the buffets always had lots of variety and special features each night. The beach grill was a great choice for lunch.Although included we didn't ever try the room service - guess we were too busy. All restauarants were spotless, service was great and lots of places to sit even during busy hours. Bring your own hand sanitizer - oddly, they don't provide.The beach: This has to compare with any beach anywhere in the world. We walked everyday at least 1 hour in either direction and there was still endless beach to explore.. The main beach area is kept very clean. The locals will approach you as soon as you leave the resort property - just be firm but polite, it worked for us.The facilities: Everything from the check-in area to the casino to the ampitheatre are all in great shape and well kept. Staff are always cleaning something, even the outside walkways are mopped. Our only negative coment would be the exercise room - it was an open air, meaning no air conditioning. The equipment was either not working or needing some repair. We didn't try any of the spa services or the hot tub.The bars: Better than we've ever seen with top shelf liquors available if you so ask. We got to try 28 of the 50 cocktails on the drink card along with beer and champagne. The bar areas can have a bit too much cigarette smoke (especially after dinner) but then again we are both non-smokers.The weather: During our week, we had perhaps 20 minutes of rain and that was while we enjoyed the dinner buffet so it didn't interupt anything. Temperature were between 26 and 30 degrees (we guess, because there are no thermometers)The staff: Everyone, from the groundkeepers to the food servers were very polite and very keen to please. These folks are well versed in customer satisfaction. We tried to communicate in Spanish when we could; their use of english can be a bit of a challenge depending on who you talk to.The transportation: Its about 75 minutes to the resort from the airport but it gives you a great feeling of life in the DR. The roads are bumpy and in bad shape. Someday they will decide to finish the newer highway (which is currently half finished I guess). The airport itslef is a bit confusing and busy in the arrivals area (long luine-ups)Excursions: We didn't take any day trips so we cannot comment.but there are many available. Who needs to leave the resort when its this beautiful.Helpful hints: If you want a cabana and chairs by the pool or beach better get our of your room by 7am at the latest. A one dollar trip goes a long way here, the staff are very appreciative. we left small gifts for the housekeeper everyday (school supplies, etc). There are a few shops on the resort but nothing to rave about. There is really no town nearby to shop at either and even the airport had very limited shopping. ","annotations":[]}