{"text":"London's best value? Don't bother asking if hotels are good or bad, it's really a question of whether they're good or bad for the money. Well having stayed in fifty London hotels during the past five years, this one gets my vote for best value of all - that is provided you can get a room for 拢99 including breakfast.City Inn ticks all the boxes. It looks smart and new, the staff are cheerful and try hard, the restaurant and bar surpass expectations (some of London's best cocktails), the rooms are comfortable and hi-tech (ten separate lights in mine). Free internet in the room (not wi-fi strangely, you have to ask to borrow an ethernet lead at the desk). Nearly a hundred channels on the TV.The buffet breakfast is modest in size but great in quality. Even jugs of raspberry smoothie to help yourself. Best of all, take your meals - including breakfast - outside, one of very few London hotels where you can do that.There has to be a downside so I'll mention three things: 1) The location's slightly strange. No other hotel within half a mile and no proper shops or attractions in the immediate surroundings, just anonymous government offices. You won't get much of a view unless you fork out for the penthouse suite. Buses 507, 88 and C10 stop within a couple of minutes' walk but the closest tube stations are Westminster and Pimlico, each probably ten minutes away (but get an Oyster card and hop and off buses at any time, much more pleasant than using the tube and they arrive every five or ten minutes) 2) The staff tend to get overwhelmed when more than half a dozen people want to have breakfast at the same time or to check in\/out 3) Services like the phone, minibar and laundry cost twice what they should, even compared with other hotels. And those cocktails are very expensive, though worth it.The name 'City Inn' sounds to me like a three-star hotel and indeed it charges the same as many London three-stars. But for quality it matches most of the five-stars. There are far more exclusive hotels in this city. But they usually don't deliver better food, decor, comfort or service. For the price, you won't do better in London than the City Inn. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2092,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":2085}]}