{"text":"Very friendly and helpful staff We were really concerned what the resorts rooms were going to look like after viewing the website. We had 2 studio rooms, when viewing on the website it looked like the shower was in the kitchen. Needless to say they were not.Everyone at the resort was extremely kind and helpful. They would do everything they could to find answers to questions for you. Where to find I climbed Diamond Head tshirts, where was good places to eat. They were extremely good at directions. I just cant say enough nice things about the people that work at this resort.It really is close to so many things, must of the time we walked. There is a charge of 10.00 dollars a day to park at the resort, and is best to let them know ahead of time if you will be needing a space, because parking is very limited. The first night we had to park across the street at another resort and there it cost us 18.00 dollars.Cass and Theresa were very helpful in helping to plan tours, luas and day trips. We went to the Paradise Cove Lua at the suggestion of Cass and it was well worth the money. The food was great.We took a day trip over to Maui with Poylnesian Tours. We were picked up out in front of the resort and taken to the airport and then we flew to maui where we were met by a nother rep. The day was great. Our flight back was early. There was a rep there to great us and take us to the waiting tour bus. The wait on the tour bus and return trip to the hotel took longer than the flight. First we had to wait at least 30 minutes before we even started to leave the airport. Then the driver circled around and went back to the airport, picked up 1 passanger, then we left again, only to circle back again to the airport again. Where they loaded more passangers on, by this time was had been on the bus for over an hour. They had more passengers then seats, so then they had to make most of the ones they loaded get off. Finally we got on the road. The driver didn't act very knowledgble about where hotels were. He just stared hollarring out street names and asking if your hotel was close to that road. We ended up getting off about 2 blocks from our hotel and walking. Long story short I don't think i would go on another tour with this company ","annotations":[{"endOffset":530,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":526}]}