{"text":"Royal Service ONLY We stayed at the Melia in Punta Cana from Jan 14th to the 21st 2008. This hotel is ONE BIG SITE that is divided in two sections; Caribe and Tropical.The Royal service is on the Caribe side. The resort and the grounds are magnificent. Everything is impecable. The staff is very pleasant.ROOMS : We were in the Royal service section and the rooms were very adequate. Nothing amazing because we had a junior suite with a king bed, the master suites are much nicer.. The bathroom is small though....But, they are kept very clean. There are two maids for every room; the daytime maid for the cleaning and the nightime maid for the turndown service.POOLS : There is a very nice pool in the Royal service section and a kiddie pool also. The lounge chairs and palapas are truly superb! There is also pool service starting from 8 in the morning to 6 at night if you don't want to get up from your chair to eat or drink!!!! Please tip them, they do a terrific job in all that heat!The rest of the resort offers pools in the caribe section and the tropical section but no pool service and the chairs are all stacked against each other, no privacy possible.BEACH : The beach was very pretty but it was disapointing that there was a lot of seaweed even if they do work hard at picking it up every morning. Last year, we were at the Majestic, and there was no seaweed in the ocean...maybe because the location is not the same??? But, the Royal Service has a private beach section with daybeds and lounge chairs and lots of palapas...The caribe and tropical section is much more crowded but the same water and sand! Royal service has waiters serving you also at the beach!FOOD : The food at the A La Carte Restaurants was disapointing except for the italian ( La Gondola). The buffet was the best, can you believe that? There was even a waiting line at the buffet if you got there after 8h30! For Royal service, there is a private restaurant called the Gabi that offers breakfeast and lunch buffet and dinner (a la carte). It is VERY good and the waiters are so friendly. KIDSCLUB : The Flintstones are at the Melia...but on the Tropical side, near the beach and the pool. It is very far from the Royal service section. But, it has supervision and many activities. There is also a Tree obstacle course and some trampolines!SERVICE : I know a lot of people complain about the service at this hotel but we did not experience any problems with service, except in the A la Carte Restaurants where they didn't seem to care very much to serve you...As for everything else, being in the Royal section, service was The best thing! We traveled with our two young daughters, 2 and 5, and we had a wonferful vacation. Would we go back? Probably not, just because it was just TOO BIG....You can't walk anywhere! You allways have to take the train or private cart service that is furmished in the Royal section. With children so young, it is definetly a major proble. After having visited the Caribe and Tropical section, I'm glad we took the Royal service option) Do not upgrade on site, it will cost you much more!).We have no regrets about going though...It is such a beautiful place. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":690,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":686}]}