{"text":"2 nights in paradise There is no words to describe such an experience... I read hundreds of reviews and saw many pictures of the resort but I was really impressed at our arrival and also during the entire staying. I just regreted not to have planned more days at the resort (we stayed 6 nights at InterContinental at Jimbaran (Jimbaran Suite), 2 nights before Ubud and 4 nights afterwards).The welcome was more than warm, all the staff greets you by your name not only at the reception but also at the main door. Check in is just smooth, warm and friendly. The main building is amazing, the architecture fascinating, fully integrated in the jungle landscape. The bar is the most peaceful we could imagine. You can sit in secluded places where all you see is the jungle as you enjoy marvellous fruit juices or whatever. The entire resort is wonderful, with all the villas, paths, gardens... Just walk down to the river and you will find again this perfect harmony between the resort and nature. The main swimming pool by the river is just great. We stayed in one of the one-bedroom-villa, secluded high in the hill as we had requested when we made the reservation. We couldn't see anyone and noone could see us. It is like being completely alone in the jungle, in the most peaceful nature. The plunge pool is big enough to really enjoy it, and again as we had requested, it was hanging with an impressive view of the jungle and only the jungle. Everything was perfect inside and outside. The bathroom is amazing and the bath was ready with flowers at arrival. You don't need to go out at all and if you do you will find the rest of the fantastic resort. It doesn't matter where you are looking at, it is always the nicest place I have ever seen. The service is really unbelieveable: so warm, kind, friendly, proffessional. All staff is so, always with a smile in their faces, greeting you by your name and really worried for your well-being. We had one of the most memorable experiences at the bar with the waiter, but all staff were always willing to help you.At arrival we were also provided with a full suggested program with different activities for our staying. Actually we just enjoyed the villa and all the intimacy and privacy we had there. We explored the resort and even used the main pool but we spend almost all our time at the villa. The spa is wonderful. We had the Lulur Sayan treatment at the villa spa and we fully recommend it. Again you have a very good product with the best service. Regarding food I have to say that I didn't find it too expansive at all. Taking into account that you are staying at a luxury 5star hotel I would say they have a good price. We ordered breakfast and casual meals at our villa and we received a very good service and really good food. I recommend the romantic dinner, which is really romantic. The menu is very good and the preparations they make are wonderful. We enjoyed our spa treatment just before dinner and when we arrived at the villa the terrace was so beautiful ... I will not tell more details about it cause I think you will enjoy to find it as a surprise if you order it. All in all I can say this was the best hotel I have ever seen and we will stay there again when we will come back to Bali, hopefully in the near future. And next time I will stay more days there. ","annotations":[]}