{"text":"I've Seen Better This was the first time my fiance, his mother and father, two sisters, and my brother have been to a resort in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. The travel agency we booked with, FunJet, rated the hotel as five star - but I would give it the equivalent of two stars. All the rooms open to the outside - which is typical of central American resorts, so that was fine; however, the views were terrible. They have the balconies face each other instead of the ocean. The room had a small bathroom with very old fixtures. The hair dryer couldn't even dry my hair. I would definitely recommend bringing your own shampoo, conditioner, and hair dryer. The bed was extremely uncomfortable, and I had to put pillows under my body to make it seem like I wasn't sleeping on the floor. Don't expect to watch too much TV either, as it is very small and only provided 5 US stations. There was only a closet - no dresser - to store clothes, and the hangers were the kind where you have to detach the hanger part (ie - it was a pain to hang clothes). This was an all-inclusive resort, but the food and drink were terrible. We have been to other resorts, and they are generous with liquor and the food was good. This place not only used generic, cheap liquor, but they were very stingy with their pours. The food was also terrible. They consistently overcooked all the meats and fishes. The foods are more for a European audience (ex: hamburgers for breakfast) than American. We tried to go outside of the resort and look at some of the country side. We asked how much it would be to rent a car and the front desk told us $100. While we were on our way to the airport - I saw a sign that said we could rent a car for $45. This country tries to sneak as much money away from Americans as they can. Lastly, I had an accident while kayaking and ended up breaking my nose (yep - it broke!). We had to go to two emergency rooms and a follow-up visit. This country wants Americans for their money. They first asked for our passports, then where we were staying. Only after they received that information would they charge us for the treatment, X-ray, etc. They charge based on nationality and how much they think you have - not fair pricing. When we tried to dispute a ridiculous charge, they basically had a guard (with a gun) hold us and force us to sign the credit card slip (which is not illegal to not sign). My recommendation is to never go to the Dominican Republic ever again. The country is just trying to take as much money as they can from Americans and tourists in general. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1442,"mention":"hamburgers","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hamburger"],"startOffset":1432}]}