{"text":"Reasonable NYC accomodations, but sterile This hotel prompted a variety of impressions in my mind throughout the week I stayed there. Though there were good and bad impressions I'd have to say that in the end the bad overtook the good in many ways.First, a little about the area. I hadn't really spent much time in the east part of midtown for over 15 years. If you're a shopper and like the big department stores, this area might be fun. In my view it is lacking character and feels too dispersed, like a suburb. In certain respects it's still fairly convenient, especially with respect to the museums along the east side, the park, and Carnegie Hall. Yet, each time I left the hotel I found myself wanting to get somewhere else quickly. You really feel like your in tourist land. There's some modest relief if you walk a bit further east to 2nd and grab a pint at one of the Irish pubs.My initial impression of the hotel and lobby was that it had that modern, sterile appearance. Lots of brushed aluminum, marble, angles, plexiglass waterfall, etc. Boring. The room was much the same with a rather sterile, monochrome feel to it. With respect to size the room was admittedly a pretty good deal for NYC. Very spacious. Not a huge amount of closet space but enough. There was a desk and reading chair as well. The room was fairly quiet at night with the double-paned glass and substantial drapes even though 3rd is pretty much a non-stop stream of taxis until very late. If you like the feeling of being hermetically sealed off from your surroundings the rooms here may suit you well.The staff of the Affinia 50 were very nice and accomodating.Now, I have to ding the Affinia 50 in several respects:1. I'm not particularly fond of hotels that try to be elegant and yet have tacky minibars as the centerpiece of the room. 2. If you're going to give me a refrigerator, perhaps leave some space for the guest to store milk, beer, leftovers, etc., instead of filling it to the brim with overpriced drinks.3. $9.95\/day for internet access these days!!? And no wireless!!? C'mon.In the end, though the Affinia 50 was adequate it just wasn't my type of hotel. Having stayed in NYC quite a bit in the last few years I've grown weary executive look and offerings. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":646,"mention":"Carnegie","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Carnegie_Deli"],"startOffset":638}]}