{"text":"so-so trip, not horrible but somewhat of a let down This was my first time in the Dominican, and I chose this hotel based on the good reviews posted on TA. All in all, it was a decent trip. Since I only travel like this once every few years I was really hoping for something better though. The trip to the airport was very long (over an hour) but that was probably because we were in a small van that didn't seem to go above 40 mph. I had read that the ride was very bumpy so wasn't surprised when it proved to be just that.Check in was very quick (arrived around 4 pm) and the staff was very friendly. The room was clean and fairly big for the two of us. Balcony faced the pool, which was nice. Since we were with Apple Vacations, we were told the room safe would be free (no deposit, not sure if that's standard) and room service was also free. Air conditioner didn't seem to be on 'full blast', but it was comfortable once you were in the room for a bit. Fridge was stocked with beer, pop and water. The beach was very nice, we didn't have any problems getting a good spot. One thing I noticed about the resort overall was how 'un-crowded' it was the whole time we were there. I'm assuming this is because it was off season, but if we were looking for a hopping good time with a large crowd I would have been disappointed. Luckily, we didn't mind the fact that there weren't many people milling around. The food was pretty bad. Not bad in a make-you-sick way but I found it very hard to find things to eat. I ate veggies and carbs most of the time. My boyfriend said the seafood was awesome, but unless the food had a sign telling you what it was, we didn't eat it - the onion rings turned out the be fried squid :). The buffet was really only good at breakfast. We stayed away from drinking tap water, just didn't feel like chancing it. My big annoyance was that it was very hard to get something to after lunch time, until 7 when the buffet opened up. There is a snack bar open most of the day, but the only options are hamburgers\/hot dogs and fries - all of which looked like they had been sitting out most of the day. And who really wants to eat fries all day long.We ate at the Japanese and Italian ala cartes. Japanese was a let down - we've been to many Japanese steak houses where the chef prepares the food in front of you and so were expecting to be somewhat entertained. The chef had no interaction with the table. The food was SMOTHERED with salt and soy sauce - so it all tasted pretty bad. They were good with refilling the wine though. The Italian place was much better. At one point, we ordered room service b\/c there were no other options to eat and it was the best meal we had the whole trip. Huge portions and the food was good and hot. Only problem was trying to get someone to come and get the dirty dishes and leftovers. That request seemed to be very difficult to translate (I was this close to drawing a picture).We went on the Splash excursion - which allowed us to drive our own speed boats out into the ocean to a platform, which we dove off of and went snorkeling. The guides were super nice and helpful. The cost was only around $65 per person and it was well worth the trip. Only issue was the hour long bus ride to and from the place - which was almost the same route as the airport trip.The weather was awesome, even though the forecast was 40% chance of precipiation. We saw no rain the whole time we were there. Didn't go in the pool (opted for the ocean) or the disco, but did go to the casino. Very small and we were the only ones there both days we went. I played roulette and cleaned up, the BF played black jack and should have won, had it not been for the weird 'Dominican Rep black jack rules' that he had never heard of but had to follow. Staff looked mean and bored, maybe it's b\/c I was winning a lot. Overall, the staff was very friendly and most understood English. A big win with the weather and the grounds, a big loss with the food. Drinks were also very good and free-flowing. I would definitely go back to Punta Cana, but would go to a different resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2054,"mention":"fries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/French_fries"],"startOffset":2049}]}