{"text":"beautiful surroundings but dissaponting servics We have just returned from 14 days at this resort ,there were 16 of us it was my mothers 50th birthday and we had all gone away together to celebrate. We had booked 2 suites as the brochure said they all had sea views. Myself and my husband went there 3 years ago and had reccommended it to everyone.To cut a long story short, the surroundings are beautiful and the rooms and public areas immaculately clean,but the service, especially compared to 3 years ago was very dissapointing. On arrival the 2 suites did not have sea views, being a special occasion i tried to do something about this but the reception staff were not that helpful (the language barrier is a bit of a problem here) and when we rang to tell the manager he told us that we had not paid for a sea view and hung up! I was very upset.Our next step was to carry on to complain to the rep and ruin the rest of the holiday or just accept it, especially since the hotel was completely full, we just accepted it. We always, without fail book sea views it is a big part of my parents holiday to sit on the balcony in the afternoon and enjoy the view, and on one of the bioggest holidays of their lives they could not do this.Just a quick mention the rep, Max, was absolutely superb in every way and helped us with everything else.My little boys nintendo DS lite bag with about 拢800 of stuff in it got stolen whilst we were out there too.Everything else was prettyy good, alot of the food tasted of either vanille or cinamon so make sure you like these.We wont go back again.We like the way paaldium have things set up but I'm afraid the dominican people have let their standards slip over the last few years. For a similar amopunt of money you can go to mexico so thats where we will be trying next.We wont use first choice either. We prebooked seats together as it was a family occasion which was fine going out, but they could not do it properly going back.We have complained officially to first choice and are awaiting a response.If anyone from Palladium reads this please, please, please you have a beautiful resort with huge potential - send in some customer service experts. We smiled and smiled at all of the staff and were very friendly, the only ones to respond to this were the entertainment staff - who were, without reservation, superb.(Especioally Margarite).Overall, some things really right, but too many things wrong for us to go back. My overall feeling is what a waste of a beautiful place. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1371,"mention":"lite","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Miller_Lite"],"startOffset":1367}]}