{"text":"Travellers Beware of Barcelo and Signature Vacations! You should be aware that the Barcelo Hotel chain in the Dominican has developed a nasty habit of overbooking its facitilies! We booked our vacation through an agent who booked a Signature Vacations package for us. We arrived in Punta Cana late on a Monday night, and were taken by bus to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach. The Signature rep on the bus did not indicate there were any accomodation problems. We got to the resort, and all of us and all of our bags were unloaded. Upon arriving at the front desk, there was a lot of confusion, but it was finally communicated to us that there were no rooms at this resort. We were furious, as my wife and I were travelling with our 7-year-old daughter and we just wanted to check in and go to sleep. After several hours, we were shuttled to another resort where we were put up for the night. The next morning, instead of starting our vacation, we had to go back to the Barcelo. Once there, we were told the rooms still weren't open, but we were offered to spend our entire vacation at a different resort in the area. Because that resort looked so awesome (the Paradisus) a whole group of us said yes. Turned out we could not spend our week in the DR there, after two nights they kicked us back to the Barcelo. Once back there, they upgraded us to the Palace instead of the Beach hotel. Dealing with Barcelo and Signature was a huge pain in the butt during this trip. They did compensate us for some of our troubles, but we still don't think it was nearly enough. The bottom line is, if you've booked a stay at the Barcelo in the DR, DON'T expect to check in as soon as you get there! Almost every Canadian or American we talked to at the place had been bounced around like this.On a positive note - the beaches are beautiful, the water fantastic, and you couldn't beat the weather. We think Barcelo and Signature run the risk of giving the entire DR a bad rap because of their poor customer service. Matt - Calgary ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1349,"mention":"Palace","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_New_York_Palace_Hotel"],"startOffset":1343}]}