{"text":"Unfriendly Hotel Pros: Location is probably the best in the city for restraurants, nightlife in the heart of waterfront district.The room are spacy, and not too bad looking for 3 stars hotels, despite moderate frustrations and annoyances. Rooms are clear and otherwise quiet*. Puerto Rico is a nice place to vistCons:The hotel is the only major hotel in the area, thus monopolism and arrogance arise from the fact.I've had better service in one star motels in California with people who barely speak English. I've made reservation 3 months in advance, and requested a King Bed, and the folks at starwood\/Sheraton said don't have access to change my prepaid reservation and i should request I came to hotel for check-in: The told me they assigned me to Wheelchair room  then they did me a big favor by reassigning me to 2 bed queens room.I told them it's unaccetable: that i've been traveling in many places and never had a problem to get the type of room that i wanted. They were polite  rude at the same time explaining to me that since i ordered my room through Bargain Site: Priceline, or Expedia, ...: that it was their right to give me whatever room they had left, and they had no more available rooms. even upgrade was more $ was not possibleThe lobby was almost empty. Anyways, after talking to them for short while, they chagned their tone to rude: implying that there is nothing they can do or would do to help us, They said the priority was for the people who paid the full price for hotel room. We were upset for a while for being treated like second class citizens: (we stayed for 1 week).When we settled to the room: The front-door did not close completly, the phone was not working, safe deposit unoperatable.Alarm system was out of control!!first it was beeping for 20 minutes (battery change)2 days later at night, there was a false fire alarm that woke up at least the whole floor.I spent the first couple of mornings trying to change rooms but later gave up as it was pointless.The people who worked for Concierge would talk on the phones, you can stand there for 10 minutes, and they won't even look at your direction.When i checked-out: there was authorization charge. According to them It was to check if i have enough balance on my account. 6$62+ on my account which they said would later be removed. 3-weeks later im still disputing this charge ","annotations":[{"endOffset":298,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":294}]}