{"text":"Absolutely Wonderful!!! Our first trip to Paris, and the tone was set perfectly by this delightful little hotel! We stayed from the day after Christmas until New Year's Eve and enjoyed every minute. We just really cannot say enough about their incredibly gracious staff, especially Kais and the darling little blond girl at the front desk. Everyone, down to the cleaning staff, were incredibly friendly and helpful and I certainly hope the management recognizes what gems they have in their staff!We arrived well before check-in time, but our rooms were available and ready to be occupied, this was such a treat considering the long overnight flight we had just arrived from.The location is outstanding, so convenient to the Metro, restaurants, shopping, the Arc... it goes on and on! We found the continental breakfast to be the perfect start to our day, and although many commented on the price, we found it worth the convenience. It's also nice they serve breakfast until noon. The staff in the dining room were wonderful.We also enjoyed late night drinks in the comfortable chairs in the lobby (Merci, Kais!) after we returned from dinner on several evenings.The rooms were spotless, and the cleaning staff did a fabulous job, even straightening up our luggage and kid's various odds and ends they had left around the room. We had a suite, which was more than spacious (and we are Americans who are used to LARGE rooms) for our family of four (kids ages 7 and 12), my mother and brother and his wife each had standard double rooms. Only smaill inconvenience was the occasional disco music from the restaurant next door on a couple of evenings that disturbed my mother and brother, who had rooms adjacent to their walls. Nothing too terrible, and didn't go on too late into the night.They also arranged a car to take us back to the airport, and he was terrific! When he couldn't pull right up to the curb because of so much traffic, he parked in the garage, took all our luggage in for us (7 bags, plus some!) and made sure he got us directly to the correct check-in area. All in all, a terrific experience and we will recommend you to all!!! Thank you so much for helping to make this such a wonderful memory for our family!The Mallinger FamilyHouston, Texas ","annotations":[]}