{"text":"Hotel not worth it When my girlfriend and I arrived at the hotel, it looked very good from the outside. Palm trees, sunshine, we believed that the hotel would be amazing, but during check in, that quickly changed. The staff has very limited level of English and the communication was very difficult. When we got our so called GARDEN VIEW ROOM we were more disappointed. All that is any room, any level facing any direction towards a tree or plants around the resort. That was funny!. The room was old and needed maintenance. The shower leaked onto our room. We got two double beds rather then one king size bed that we requested, but due to the communication problem, it was not worth arguing with the staff because I wasn't getting anywhere. The telephones did not work for three days due to some MINOR problems. Good thing about the resort, food was good and tasty. The beach was kept clean by staff constantly picking up garbage. The nightly entertainment was really bad, and not fun at all. More for teenage kids rather then couples. Punta Cana is awesome, the beaches are breath taking, I will go back but this time I will pay the extra few hundred dollars and stay at the 5 star resorts that surrounds the Grand Paradise. This hotel I only recommend for teenagers that are going down with a group of friends to just drink and party. Not for couples. The hotel should only be 3 star, at most. Oh one more negative, the girls that work in the gift shop, dont bother going in, they have a very bad attitude problem, they dont talk to anybody and dont care about you or your problem, what ever it might be. B$#@'s, and the porters, dont' be fooled by their assertiveness, when you tip them a dollar or two, they dont go away until you pay more, in this case be more authoritative and tell them NO, and close the door. Not good business for the hotel..This is what my experince was, not very impressed but I pay attention to detail. Your chose travellers, dont go to Grand Paradise but go to a 5 star resort and have more fun...... Enjoy your trip. ","annotations":[]}