{"text":"Some good and some not so good We went to Barcelo Aug. 1, 2008 to Aug. 8, 2008. This was my first visit to Punta Cana. The resort property was huge and the gounds were very lush, the groundskeepers did a great job. Check in went well, and we were given a welcome drink while we waited.The room was basic, but clean. The shower head never worked. We put in a work order ,however it never got fixed. So we had to take a bath instead of a shower. I'm not sure how the manager keeps his\/her job....people are just trying to have a happy and decent vacation. I don't see what the problem is in getting things fixed. This resort was purchased recently by Barcelo...I thought that Barcelo was a decent name in the resort business. I guess the owner is never there to over see his manager.The bar's did run out of ice daily, so we had warm drinks on occasion.The buffet by the basketball court was quiet good. The food was good and the service was excellent. This particular buffet had hardly anybody there for all three meals, which was to our liking. The main buffet by the lobby was always overcrowded. We had gone there only once......but never again, too crowded.The pools were nice and the beach was beautiful. Lots of beach loungers to go around. There were activities on the beach from around 9:00am daily. The music on the beach was repetitive, plus they could use a new stereo system, all of the music skipped. We joined in for bingo one afternoon and the prizes consisted of rum. That was alot of fun. Everynight around 10:00pm the entertainment would begin. I must say the enterainment was exceptional. There was a small casino on the property, however several of the machines were broken. I only lost $25.00 though. The sundries store on the property was EXPENSIVE! $5.00 for a can of pringles! Everything in that store was overpriced. So if you want snacks you should bring it with you.Our travel group was Nolitours. Our representive did not show up when we were told he would. Nolitours did not have a sign up with his days and hours of operation. We did not see him at all. Finally one of the other guests left a message on the Nolitours board with a message to at least leave our pickup time for our return to the airport. The Apple rep was there daily from morning till 7:00pm. So we booked our tours with Apple. The tours offered in Punta Cana are not that exciting. I will not go back to the Dominican Republic. The streets are full of garbage from the locals themselves. The government should have public service announcements asking people not to litter. The children were begging on the street and even at our tour locations. OK vacation, but I will go somewhere else. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1798,"mention":"pringles","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pringles"],"startOffset":1790}]}