{"text":"Should be shut down due to Health and Safety of Guests!! When myself and my friend arrived we were greeted by the overwhelming smell of urine in the reception area, despite the heated reception area making it worse as you can imagine - Sickening, so we asked to Staff and she told us the toilet may have not have been cleaned that day!!. I said it was a disgrace. Upon going to our rooms the stairs were a health and safety hazard banisters were coming out of walls (annex building) and ceiling were so low you had to get down on your hands and knees to get to the room on the top floor. The stairs were very narrow and winding for those whom have a fear of dizzy spell very poorly lite. Funny as it sounds it was true and a living nightmare. The room was noting like brochure and damp and unclean bed linen (E95. per night not including breakfast extra E7.). My friends room was on the 1st floor suppose to have a canal view instead looked straight on to a street of run down buildings. You had to leave the annex building and go down the street to see the canal. Straight back to reception and complained and the lady at reception laughed in my face and said that is what you booked and I said the brochure didn't indicate upon arrival to be greeted by the overwhelming smell of urine and other disgusting smells that would turn your stomach. Eventually it was too much and we asked to be switched to a different room having to pay (E100. per night p.p per room. again not include breakfast extra E7.in additional to E20. extra Tax). The new room was not much better insects all over the toilet walls and loo seat chipped and full of germs not even flushed and shower was not much better the door was wooden and rotten. (The toilet and shower  sink were all in separate locations tiny rooms adjoining bedroom and could hardly swing a cat in the loo it was very tight. The rest of room was spacious but there was dirt on the carpet stained floors and decor deplorable. The bed was very uncomfortable and hairs on the bed linen indicating not washed after the last guest and the annoying sound of the shower dripping all night would drive you spare. This room was located 1st floor back room hotel main hotel and front room 1st floor overlooking canal was dreadful noisy the electric front door was constantly opening and banging the whole night when people leaving and going out. The rooms were drab and cold despite there been heaters in the room luke warm 24\/7 it was so cold you would have to wear as fleece in bed and scarf. On departure I asked to speak to the Manager there was none surprise surprise!! and I then asked to speak to the owner(s) whom were Mr.John Pats  Ms.Sabine Stetan - ITC Hotel . I was told they call in once a week to collect the takings and they couldn't care less about complaints or their guests welfare. The gent on reception said he was fed up getting the same complaints over and over again. He said the owners were only in the business for the money and that is how it stood. Outside the Hotel is suppose to be quiet and lovely canal etc.. The area at night is very quiet and must go around with caution. There are plenty of homeless people to keep you company!!The taxi from the airport was only meant to coat Euros 35. approx as per brochure information on the ITC Hotel guide. This was not the case it wasn't even peak hour and we were charged E68. euros, when questioned the taxi driver he pretended not to understanding and then he said that 3 years ago prices increased etc. I suggested to reception to update their guest info. on the their web-site but they ignore that too.As with all Hotels cleanliness doesn't cost much as it is a part of house keeping. The whole experience turned myself and my friend off Amsterdam and we will never again visit enduring this ordeal.I have no pictures of the the rooms but if you ask the hotel I'm sure they will send pics from some room that doesn't exist and you too will be a victim if you stay there. This particular Hotel is suppose to be gay and lesbian friendly and I consider the standards would not be found in a third world country they were so bad. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1918,"mention":"dirt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dirt_cake"],"startOffset":1914}]}