{"text":"Simply Gorgeous We spent 15 days here: wedding week with our family  friends, followed by a week honeymoon.We got married right on the beach. Ana Luisa and the staff did a fantastic job creating a stress-free wedding. They did a beautiful job for the rehearsal dinner, wedding ceremony and reception. The food absolutely delicious and the service spectacular, complete with a firework display!! The photographer, Photo-Souveniers, beautiful job! The resort gardens are beautiful and very well maintained. The ocean waves are a bit rough but the pools are so beautiful, they make up for it.The drinks are plentiful and the food delicious. If you do lobster, I suggest having the meat cooked outside the shell. The spa is worth every penny!! Very serene, relaxing and very very beautiful. Definitely try a massage at night on the beach, very romantic and very hypnotic.The romantic dinner on the beach was just that--romantic. We were serenaded by mariachi so beautifully, we both got real sappy!! The entire staff--AMAZING!! Very, very lovable, every single person we met--even the groundskeepers!! My father is Dominican and is deceased (R.I.P.) and I wanted to wed somewhere very close to his spirit. The staff made us feel very much at home and made us feel very much like part of their family. Very welcoming, very warm and very lovable, everyone we met STOLE OUR HEARTS!!!A quick shout out to our family away from home: Ana-Luisa, thank you for all of your hard work, patience and your very warm welcome!! Wilkins, Ines and Julio--we miss your energy and enthusiasm!! Hi Edgar, go Yankees! Adan--hope you are well!! Grisella, we miss your sweet smile!! Pedro, Julio-Cesar, AltaGracia, Cristian, Felix, Ramona, Sara--we miss you!! And to our adopted family on the beach--Wilkins, Joaquin, Santos, Faustino and Dario, thank you once again for your kindness!! To Erik and Nery, thank you for taking care of us!! We love and miss you very much!! And to Mario and Ilbon, take care of our boy, Erik! Thank you Victor and Benjamin, for the champagne gifts!! To Manuel and the Scuba team, we'll dive again our next visit!! To Ori at the salon, I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to say goodbye! Thank you for your wisdom on my wedding day. You're always in my heart. To the ladies in the shopping plaza, Hola, and a special kiss to Yvette. Hello to our good friend Juan from room-service. Many thanks to the Gym Staff for your kindness and your gifts. We could go on and on......it took TWO days for us to say goodbye to all of our new friends here!! This hotel is gorgeous, but the entire staff is made up of a group of just ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL AND LOVING PEOPLE. We adore everyone we met and we appreciate your love very very much. Everyone of you made this trip even more special for us. Can't wait to come back to be with you all again!! We miss you all terribly!! !!Que Dios sigue bediciendo los y sus familias!! !!Gracias por su amor y carino!! ","annotations":[]}