{"text":"Very nice resort! We recently just returned from our stay at the Wyndham for a week - 8\/2 - 8\/9. This was a family trip that included myself, my spouse, my 17 yr old son and 12 yr old daughter. From a true resort perspective, I thought the resort was great - beautiful grounds, facilities and service! The employees were all friendly and helpful and very accomodating (although the only issue we had was that we waited quite a while for check in as we arrived around 1 pm and was told our room was not ready and each time we called to check they said it was too soon and when pressed for a time it was first 4, 4:30 and then 5 and stated that all times are approximate). Unlike some other reviews, we had an oceanview room that was quiet and cleaned on a timely basis (the only noise issue we had was that when the doors close they are heavy and very loud but other than that there was no other noise that was even remotely detectable. I will agree that it was quite pricey for in house amenities and we did not rent a car as my husband does not like to drive so we were pretty confined to the in house dining options. But, I also will say that all of the meals were very good. We tried a variety of the restaurants and I can say we were not disappointed with the quality of the food. And, I will say that all of the servers were excellent!!The real downside that we found was that there was really nothing for our 17 yr old to do. Thank goodness he brought his laptop to use each evening in the lobby - it saved our sanity. Additionally, even though our 12 yr old was pretty much tired every evening after playing in the ocean (truly beautiful) all day - there was not a lot for her either other than the water slide and hair braiding. The dive-in movie on Friday and Saturday was great and you may want to consider offering that on more evenings as it is helpful with the younger ones!!Suggestion - may want to consider offering a more reasonable all-inclusive option, especially for families who appeared to be the majority of your visitors. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay here and I would come back again but without children. The beach was beautiful and the service was great!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":9,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":5}]}