{"text":"A Vacation To Remember We stayed in room 14106 wich is a suite that they upgraded us to for no cost. The view from this room was breathtaking, on the left we had all the local vendors, to the right we had the pool and behind the pool were the giant blue waves of the ocean. You could say we had the best of both worlds. The interior of the room was like nothing I had stayed in before absolutely spoiled rotten. King size bed, jacuzzi tub, all the extras you could want. We had a few issues with some stuff but nothing to complain about. Room sevice was great the food always a little diferent but always good. They usually had it there between 25 and 60 minutes. Minni bar was usually full had to call once to have it refilled.  The pool and the beach is the reason we came to the resort known as Excellence. It was the best I had seen by far. We sat by the pool for hours on end sipping Bora Boras and Sammy Sosas prepared for us by Juan and Carlos M.(sammy sammy sammy!!!) they were the best bartenders by far. They can be found at Sol right next to Beach and Pool. We never had to wait for drinks they made them before we even asked for them, now thats what I call service. Thanks guys!!! The restraunts were nice the food was always good. We had room service most of the time for dinner so we didn't go to all of them. The lunch at the grill was great they even had MGD for you american beer lovers. Breakfast was good but a little crowded unless you ate at the lobster house. The only bad part about the lobster house was in the morning it smelled like fish if the wind blew in the right direction. The servings are small so order extra, they will bring all the food you want. Room service for breakfast was very good to. I'm a very picky eater and enjoyed there food very much. We had one incident when we left that we were not to fond of but the resort is taking care of it for us, at least they said they would we will see. All in all it was the best vacation I had ever been on. 8 days of sun and drinks with just the wife and I. It was kind of like a honeymoon in paradise. But it wasn't our honeymoon. We left the DR it was 85 degrees we got home and it was -20 degrees we wanted to come back. (sorry if my spelling is a little off they never invited me to the spelling bee when I was in school if you know what I mean LOL) ","annotations":[]}