{"text":"** Heaven on Earth ** My fiance (then Boyfriend)  I decided that for our first overseas trip away together we would head to the sunny shores of Nusa Dua. I have been to Nusa Dua a few times before, but had never stayed at The Laguna.The hotel was wonderful! On arrival you are greeted by traditional balinese dancers, and the most amazing reception anywhere in Bali. The staff were more than helpful, and as we were Starwood prefered guests (I highly recommend joining this programe) we were upgraded to a 'Prefered Guest Suite'. The room was on the ground floor and you stepped off your verandah into the pool! This option is well worth the little extra charge, especially for those late night swims :)We stayed here for 8 days, and tried to spend every second day relaxing in the hotel, which is easily done. There are so many pool surrounding the rooms, you could almost swim in a different one each day. There are a few lovely bars that make super cocktails, for lazy afternoons on the beach or by the pool.I could honestly talk about this place all day, and cannot recommend it any higher! The restaurants are wonderful, and the breakfast buffet in among the best I have had anywhere in the world!! The room service is exceptional, including the nightly turndown service, and your own on call butler.Ok I suppose the only downside to this place is the Nusa Dua beach... For those of you looking for Surf head to Kuda. If you are happy paddling in waist deep water then you will be fine. Not forgetting the little glass bottom boats that take you out to the reef for snorkelling trips.We will most definitely be back and are planning to make this place our last stop on our honeymoon this year, to relax from a 12 week round the world trip.Indonesia has so much to offer, such a wide diversity of cultures it amazes me everytime I return. I highly suggest taking the time to travel to areas such as Ubud, Mt Batu (the volcano) and most of all Tanah Lot (the sea temple).Happy Travels. ","annotations":[]}