{"text":"Sirenis Tropical..the good, the bad and the ugly! We came back from Sirenis Tropical on August 12, 2007. The hotel common areas, landscaping, pool and beach is spectacular and definitely warrants a 4 plus. The rooms..well that's a different story.If you look at the internet ads for the resort, the rooms are depicted as state of the art, 5 star rooms. It definitely is not 5 star and would consider it at least a 3.5star. The room was dark and smaller than expected. They are sold as suites, but when you get there you are told that they are in fact junior suites. I would call them more like cubby holes! They are small for a suite and the bedding well, let's just say I think they got a two for one deal on their tableclothes because that's what they used for the bedding!However I have to say the staff was extremely accomodating. Once we called them articulating our disappointment, they were quick to respond and give us another room. A little better I will admit, but definitly not up to a 5 star standard.Food was very good and you could see they do put a lot of effort in their menu planning. I would stick to the buffet, as there was more of a variety. Although we were happy with the food, both my friend and I became violently ill with food poisoning on the same day. Moreover we met two girls, who one of them actually found a caterpillar in her rice and took a picture to prove it..apparantly they plan to post it on this site! All I would advise is just watch your food a little more closely and eat things in moderation.The biggest complaint I have is regarding the Noritour representative. She was far from helpful and obviously is out to make her quick buck! She sold us on taking a shopping tour which she arranges. She assured us there would be great local items to buy including large pieces of local artwork which I was more interested in buying myself. Well the driver took us to the shopping district which had many nice local stores, but he led us to one particular store that was owned an operated by a foreigner. We were disappointed with the items in the store, as it was minimal, no artwork and the prices outrageous! I decided to venture out to the other stores, but as I walked out, the owner of the store came running out saying I was not allowed to go to the other stores, since she made the arrangment with the Noritour rep that all the people that she sent would be going to her store and her store only (apparantly she paid for the transportation for us getting there). This was a surprise to us, as our Noritour rep never mentioned that we were limited to one store! That is misrepresentation if you ask me!! All in all, it wasn't a bad place, but have to admit have had better experiences. I will say that the staff at Sirenis definitely made up for some of the negative we experienced as they are genuine, friendly and extremley helpful!I would recommend this place to others, as the pool and beach are definitely breathtaking. The only thing I would say that make sure you are not paying a 5 star rate, as its not that at all. 3.5 star is what you should be paying for!HC ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1944,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1940},{"endOffset":1944,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1940}]}