{"text":"Okay for the price My boyfriend and I spent the week of July 4th at this hotel in New Orleans. When we arrived we were struck by the beauty of the hotel, especially the lobby area. It has an old world charm appeal. We checked in and even though we were very early we got a room. Unfortuantely it was on the 4th floor and the noise from the AC unit on the roof was unbearable. The front desk graciously allowed us to check out other rooms and we decided on one on the 3rd floor. Much better! The good news: the free breakfast has a good amount of options. There is a computer with high speed internet in the lobby where you can also print. On the downside, if someone is using it you'll have to wait. We found the concierge to be very helpful and informative. The room was small but comfortable. Now for the bad news and there's a lot of it: There were no sheers on the windows in the room, so either the shades had to be open or the room had to be cloaked in darkness. The TV is in an awkward position which makes it difficult to see from the bed. Our iron leaked black stuff on my boyfriends pants. We requested a new iron and it never came. We told the front desk about the stained pants and they agreed to pay for the cleaning. However, when we went to retrieve the pants they were sitting in a bag on the floor because the front desk forgot to give it to the dry cleaner. This happened the day we were leaving so the manager (thank God for Karen, probably the only professional acting person I met there) said we could mail in the cleaning receipt to get reimbursed.; The cleaning person took my personal soap from the bathroom. I don't know how you can mistake a large bar of soap for the dinky bars they give you. One day we forgot to request room service so we asked for some sheets and towels. The front desk told us they could not access the sheets but could send up towels. How can a hotel not be able to access its own sheets?! So we called back a few hours later and lo and behold they brought up sheets. On the whole I found the front desk staff to be unprofessional and downright rude at times. If we approached the desk and they were already helping someone else they would not even look at us to say, i'll be with you shortly. In fact they avoided all eye contact and acted as though we were not there. Also, when we entered the hotel after being out all day the front desk staff would barely acknowledge us. They were too busy joking and talking with one another. Overall, the hotel was fine since we did not spend too much time there. There is just too much to see and do in New Orleans. I loved the location of the hotel though because it's not directly in the French Quarter but it's close enough to walk there. I probably won't stay here again because I found the service lacking. If that's not important to you, it probably is a good value for the money. ","annotations":[]}