{"text":"Pretty good Here is the good and bad about this resort.The transfer from the airport to the resort was pretty straight forward and easy. Once at the hotel (we arrived at noon local time) we had to wait 3 hrs to check in. Its not bad though as you can get a wrist band immediatly and began drinking or eating. Your bags however have to stay at the front entrance as they are not allowed in the front lobby.The grounds of the resort are beutiful and pretty well maintained. You actually have to go exploring as the grounds are bigger than they appear.The beach itself is big and beutiful, but I dont know how different this would be from any other resort in the area. The sea-weed can also become a problem as some days are worse than others. The water is amazing in colour and temperature.The Rooms - This was the biggest dissapointment of the whole trip. Between myself and the 5 people that accompanied me on this trip we had 3 rooms. 2 suites in block 6 and one room in block 4. Every room had something wrong with it. For a 4 star resort the rooms were more like that of a 2 star in Canada....if that. The sliding door to my suite in block 6 couldnt keep out the rain so we had to be careful of where we put our shoes and luggage. The shower had no door to it so water ended up all over the bathroom floor. The bathroom ceiling was leaking so bad it was almost like a light rain. The safe didnt work the entire week. And to top it all off the maids keep the temperature set at 50 F so it gets quite uncomfortably cold. When I turned the temp higher the room ceiling started to drip. I called the front desk about all these problems and they said nothing more could be done to fix it for my stay.When you arrive you get 2 towel cards you exchange to get a beach towel. If you lose these cards or the towels you have to pay $15 - $20 to get a new one. If you take the towel to your room do not leave it unattended as the maid will take them. I had to chase her down the hall and argue with her to get the towel back.The a la carte resteraunts were all fantastic with the exception of the Mexican. The buffet was also pretty good. I was never hungry the entire trip.The shows were very good but are all pretty simialar in my opinion. The comedy was really funny but I think you have to have a U.S.\/Canada sense of humour as I found a lot of the Europeans didnt like it.Once we had checked out I found that the staffs kindness dropped off. I am assuming because they no longer are worried about tips from those departing.For the exception of the last 2 hrs and the rooms this was a very relaxing vacation. I would probably go back if the rooms were kept in better repair. ","annotations":[]}