{"text":"A Very Good Hotel - Could be Excellent with improvements Arrived October 8th 2007 with my wife and we were given a lovely room . Air Con Freezing (great and a must in this humidity). a small tip to the reception staff made sure of an ultra 5 star service. However service throughout the hotel is exceptional without tippingBeach was awesome and grounds lovely and very well kept and a beautiful design lots of nice palm trees etc. Pool not bad a bit small but we used the beach a lot ,so it didnt matter to us.Food The main Buffet El Patio was very good, try the omlettes for breakfast .Lunch and Dinner very goodSteakhouse not very good but it depends on the quality of Steak you are use toCaribe Grill not bad either probably the best of the speciality restaurantsJapanese not bad either but make sure they dont deliver your saki , kettle hot. All of the speciality places are definately NOT al la carte, but this is all inclusive just dont expect to much. They are designed I think to break the routine of the standard buffet.Reservations you make for these each morning on the day you wish to use them but they are never overbooked so you can go as much as you like. My only complaints about the dining were the Wine (awful) and the Coffee (warm but awful) and these were pointed out to Head Honcho when he asked me how our holiday was going. But to wrap up food very good but could get a bit repetitive.Drinks generally very good some top shelf spirits etc and good portions. Dont think anyone could describe them as weak unless your used to a bottle a day. If in doubt just use Mucho after Vodka, Tequila Rum when ordering .They will also make you any drink you care for if not on the bar list . If they dont know what it is ,they are happy for you to show them .Entertainment very average but funny staff sort of made up for this. You will enjoy Bingo after your hol as it is played in entertaiment lounge only air conditioned place after room and Main Restaurant. Overall the hotel is Very good, Service execeptional and about as good as it gets for a holiday destination .I would give it 3.5 stars in my opinion definately not a five star city hotel. It could be better if improvements are made in some areasLastly a good hotel is a good hotel with variations on a theme, I mean that what pleases you is not not necessarily what pleases others . Negative experiences can be down to the indivdualA final word must go to the people we met on holiday Dave and Traci from California and Trevor and Ann from Near Grimsby Absolutely delightful and all the other nice people we met from the northwest to many to mention.Would I recommend this Hotel ? Yes Would I return No because there are to many other places left to visit ","annotations":[{"endOffset":414,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":410},{"endOffset":1243,"mention":"Coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1237}]}