{"text":"Excellent location, Cheap beds, no service I am here in Sydney for a month at one of these serviced apartments. Overall I feel that my stay has been subpar.First the good - location, location, location. These apartments are in the middle of the CBD and a quick walk to many great things. There's a mall underground that has some decent restaurants, a grocery store, a drug store, a liquor store, and a video store. There are always a ton of cabs driving by. And within about 5 minutes you're at oxford street which has some cool shops and a ton of bars and clubs.The building is also pretty nice - the apartment I am in is on the 63rd floor. I have a view of Darling Harbor and the city.The decor is average, there's some random pictures on the wall, blue and tan carpeting that appears to be the type that easily masks stains. The three bedroom apartment has two bathrooms - the master bath has a nice whirlpool tub, the secondary bath has a shower. Both showers have the handheld shower heads and the bathroom size is pretty generous.Now the bad -- for me, the biggest reason I even get a hotel\/serviced apartment, is so that I have a place to sleep. The beds here are horrific. They take two single beds and push them together, leaving a large enough gap in the middle so that it's unsleepable. Right now there is about a 5cm gap. The beds feel like someone took about 50 hard springs and stretched a thin sheet over them. You can feel each coil and it's not comfortable at all. My coworker actually has started sleeping on the floor which he says gives him a much better rest. I'm considering starting to try that. A motel 6 has a better bed than this. Even sleeping on top of the covers, I can feel each painful spring.The maid service here does the bare minimum - changing the sheets and towels once a week. Even if you call to ask for extra service. They occasionally change the sheets in one room and leave the other two untouched. They vacuum exposed areas but never move anything to vacuum underneath it. They wipe exposed surfaces but wouldn't dream of moving a glass to the side to wipe under it.The air conditioning is also a pain - it automatically shuts off after 8 hours, so when you wake up in the middle of the night, the apartment is hot and humidWhile this apartment may seem like a good deal, unless you BYOB (bring your own bed), it's not worth it at any price. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":902,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":898}]}