{"text":"Great Service, Free Hurricane This was a Priceline last minute special, so I wouldn't feel right about posting a bad review. Fortunately, I don't have to.This was our first visit to Waikiki (we'd been to Big Island in 07), and though we're from LA, we weren't quite prepared for the intensity of the area, the huge numbers of people crammed into a small space, etc. Some people sniff at Waikiki, tawdry, plastic, etc., so our expectations weren't that high. Pleasant surprise: didn't see tawdry. Did see upscale chain stores and restaurants, all familiar from malls across America. Also many more reasonable and original places to shop and eat.Did not eat in the Hyatt, so can't rate their restaurants.Everyone was friendly and efficient, especially Michael, the parking kahuna. Everything near-new and scrupulously clean. Patrons at least 50% Japanese, mostly in families. Pool and spa too small and hopelessly crowded, essentially unusable.Room: we were [gratis] bumped up to a mountain-view room on the 25th floor; loved the view, and room was fine, but within five minutes became aware of banshee-howling winds, winds that sounded like a blizzard on the Montana prairie, I'm talking screaming winds. We tinkered with the lanai sliding door, no luck, called the desk.Extremely polite repair person showed up within minutes. While the Hyatt's octagonal design is in part at fault for the wind-tunnel effect, there was a problem w the door. Repair guy added weatherstripping, pounded, hammered, etc., really threw himself into his job. Later we heard him buzzing and drilling in the unit just upstairs from us. The hurricane stopped, but design flaws continued to be apparent, in the form of drafts and flows of air in and out of the room at all times. Put a towel under the door to help control this.That's most of what I can say about the place. The lobby is huge, 3-story waterfall as advertised, three levels of shops almost entirely uninhabited almost all the time. How do they stay in business?? Very overpriced goods, all available at 1\/3 the price down the street. Escalators to and from the lobby were confusing at first, but we learned the pattern. The Hyatt is indeed across the street from Waikiki Beach Central, canoe rides and all, but it doesn't have a beachy feel. We wandered through the Sheraton across the street and that empties onto the sand -- far superior -- far higher price, too.We were out of the room most of the day, and ate out with friends 3 nights out of 4, so Waikiki Beach itself remains something of an abstraction to me. Swam at Kailua -- or rather, got battered, but no harm done -- and at Waimea on the North Shore. Loved the North Shore, by the way: gorgeous, friendly, much more like Hawaii as we mainlanders like to imagine it.Saw the Brothers Cazimero at Chai's Island Bistro on Wed., 7\/23. They were incredible: just stood there three feet away, opened their mouths, and that music came out. Robert left early (he had a plane to catch) but Roland hung around and shmoozed with customers and generally acted like an ordinary mortal, at home in the middle of the sea. I loved it.The food at Chai's, however -- there was way too much of it. We ordered the prix fixe and were full by the end of the appetizer course ... yet it kept coming, like another wave over already seasick passengers. I don't want to look at a coconut shrimp and Thai peanut sauce for a year -- and I generally love those things.Last word on the Hyatt: if you get it on Priceline, as we did, take it. You'll have the luxury feel and top-quality service. If you can afford to pick and choose, the grande-dame Sheraton is actually on the sand (as are several other hotels, of course, but this is the one we saw) and has triple the ambience nd aloha feel.I just have to add: if you're on Oahu, see Pearl Harbor. I won't get into that now, except to say that watching 67-year-old blobs of oil float from under the sunken USS Arizona ... like the souls of the deceased ... I remembered that for all its exoticism and enchantment, Hawaii is still America, and Americans gave their lives in this place. Not to be forgotten.sw ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3386,"mention":"peanut","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Circus_Peanuts"],"startOffset":3380}]}