{"text":"A dream vacation in D.R. ! I took this vacation with my girlfriend Caroline during 01APR-12APR.Lets' start by the great reception . . . . greeted by a chilled glass of champagne and the smiles and attentiveness of Orlando and Raul at reception was a good start. Upon getting to the room we realized we had an oceanview, but it was ground level. We asked Orlando and Raul if there was something to be done and we were offered several options, without question.Room was great and view was awesome. Marble\/granite throughout, great ammenities, and a whirlpool\/jacuzzi in the room as well.Room service while limited in variety was very good, and delivered quickly. The rooms were kept clean at all times with a wonderful turn down at night which included flowers and a list of the next day's activities\/eventsThe beach is BIG and beautiful. Long walks are a must ! The water is wavy and an occasional undertow is to be watched for. Both left and right of the center of the resort are areas for calm swimming and snorkelling. A daily beach cooking session\/lesson made eating at the beach possible. There were ALWAYS lounges available and towels, no matter the time of day.The pools are beautiful and immaculately maintained with lounges and beds at the edge of them.Activities are in abundance and both Julio C. and Francisco are there to get you going. Water polo, volleyball, dance lessons, spanish lessons, games, massage lessons, kayak races, etc. are all options that they invite you to and guide you through. They are pleasantly inviting without being pushy. They know activities and they are available for quiet conversation as well. There are a string of quaint shops and a disco at the edge of the resort, as well as an ecological park. The park included peacocks (4), ducks, geese, flamingos, parrots, turkey, turtles etc. One can jog here or simply go for a stroll. Also amongst the shops is the spa. A variety of options is offered here and it is not to be missed. I could go on and on and on and on, but I think you get the point. . . . This is an excellent resort with truly excellent staff ! ","annotations":[]}