{"text":"A Wonderful Experience!! I read the reviews on this website before I went to this hotel, and honestly I was afraid of what I would find. However I was pleasantly surprised!! From the moment we stepped out of the cab to the moment we were dropped off at the airport, the staff was extremely courteous - my family and I are not used to this kind of service. The property and views will take your breath away. We went in the first week of May from Mon-Thurs so there were fewer crowds and the staff had more time to really take care of you, so if you're planning to go for a weekend in July\/Aug keep in mind they are probably booked to capacity and cut them some slack!! Also, there was construction going on in some areas but honestly it didn't bother us, the workers were friendly to you if you were nice to them. Also there were no problems with our bill. Some warnings: be prepared for the expensive restaurants; we spent the most on food while we were there. Apparently, there is a small fishing village you can walk to from the marina where you can experience real Puerto Rican cuisine for cheap prices; we didn't find out until the day we left so we missed out on that. Palomino Island (their private island) is a great place to spend a day, they have tons of water sports and horseback riding, etc. Again, keep in mind the prices. For tours and excursions, I would recommend renting a car for El Yunque Rainforest instead of paying for the tour. I would recommend bringing rain gear and wearing a swimsuit as it WILL rain when you go, and there are these falls which you can swim in. However it is a 35 minute hike from the main trail. For Old San Juan you should go with a tour; we went by ourselves and had no idea where to go. Also, for most of the tours that the hotel organizes, there is a 6-8 person minimum so we missed out on some of them cause there weren't enough people interested in going. If you're going with a group then you're fine but if you're in a smaller group (we were 3) then keep that in mind. Probably in the middle of the summer the tours will leave every day but make sure to call ahead to check. All in all - this is a great place for groups to go to, there is so much for everyone to do. They have a lot of wedding parties here as well, they have a beautiful location for a wedding although I have no idea how much that would cost. Really romantic for couples. Families would enjoy themselves as well - they have a children's club with activities. I would definitely recommend this hotel for people who enjoy watersports, otherwise you will have less to do. Basically take these reviews with a grain of salt, as each person's experience will be different. We went at an opportune time because it wasn't so crowded and we were able to enjoy ourselves. When we left on Thursday we noticed the crowds rolling in and they probably had a different experience than us, who knows. Basically you need to go for yourself to find out! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2463,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":2459}]}