{"text":"Fantastic service, food, and rooms I had my wedding there and was assigned one of their biggest suites for an overnight stay. My only regret was not extending my stay! I had a marketing job which involved me organizing corporate seminars and small trade shows in hotel locations across Singapore, many of them 5* hotels, including the 6* Ritz Carlton. M Hotel is a 4* hotel and yet I was treated like royalty being congratulated by all the staff members we came into contact with including the front desk! I don't know why one reviewer commented badly on their event management skills when he didn't even hold any there. From my experience, their event organizers had great aptitude, attention to detail, and accurate delivery. Staff did not just sit there and take notes, they provided professional advice and came up with details that I haven't thought of in my years of event organizing experience! My suite was spacious, had zen-style furnishing, a jacuzzi bath and a separate shower. Although the shower area was tiny, the jacuzzi tub more than made up for it. The highlight was the glass walls of the toilet\/bath that immediately fogged up electronically with a touch of a button on the remote. No other hotel in Singapore has this unique facility! View from window wasn't that spectacular, we got assigned one with views of the container shipping terminal as the suites with scenic views of the city or sea were already fully booked. There is a well-known spa facility within the hotel premises located on the pool floor, called HAATCH which is known locally for its state-of-the-art beauty technology. Package prices were a little too steep even after M Hotel guest discounts. Food is excellent. Some wedding dinner guests commended highly and claimed the quality exceeded that of prestigious venues such as the Ritz Carlton and Fullerton Hotels. I couldn't agree more, and better yet, the menu was customizable, you could suggest the chef used less salt, more chilli etc, and they would deliver just as you pleased. Of course I would return to stay. ","annotations":[]}