{"text":"Superb in every aspect. Superb hotel located in leafy ultra-smart Polanco opposite Auditorium, Zoo (free on Sundays!) and the Bentley car dealership. Had the pleasure of staying at this immaculately presented hotel over the last 6 years and have enjoyed each stay, enhanced by the welcoming but discreet English speaking staff. All 10 or so rooms sampled so far have been similar, a tad belwo average size, reasonably quiet and immaculately furnished with a slight rustic twist, with the bathrooms scoring 10\/10 mainly for the glass doored 'bath chamber'. Elite Silver? members get to use the top floor lounge with free buffet. Several TV channels are in English and at least one in German. The outdoor pool and juccuzi area where you may have to move around a bit if you wish to stay in the sun were refurbished Feb 07. Piano bar pricey. Having 3 other hotels in close proximity means there are many top quality restaurants within easy and so far safe walking distance offering cuisine from various corners of the globe, plus smart bars and coffee shops right on the door step, although on my last visit found the'front' hotel restaurant to be good. Various guided tours leave from the Polanco hotels to the pyramids, Tasco, Monarchs (winter only) and other sites although the English speaking hotel limo drivers at the rear of the hotel will do the same should your budget extend that far and of course are infineatly safer in all aspects than the much cheaper beetles and similar which unbeknown to you at the time of departure could be just a 1 way journey. The Teotihuacan pyramids at the weekend are well under the 1 hour on the road and make for a very enjoyable day. My third visit was my first with a guide and most enjoyable. For the more adventourous the clean and easy to navigate subway is just a short walk and for the suicidal renting a car is an experience but possibly worth it just for the twisty climb out of the city on the Acapolco highway to Curneavacia. The airport is typically 30 minutes but can sometimes be 1 hour or I am warned more if there has been a torrential downpour.Various guided tours leave from the Polanco hotels to the pyramids, Tasco, Monarchs (winter only) and other sites although the English speaking hotel limo drivers at the rear of the hotel will do the same should your budget extend that far and of course are infineatly safer in all aspects than the much cheaper beetles and similar which unbeknown to you at the time of departure could be just a 1 way journey. The Teotihuacan pyramids at the weekend are well under the 1 hour on the road and make for a very enjoyable day. My third visit was my first with a guide and most enjoyable. For the more adventourous the clean and easy to navigate subway is just a short walk and for the suicidal renting a car is an experience but possibly worth it just for the twisty climb out of the city on the Acapolco highway to Curneavacia. The airport is typically 30 minutes but can sometimes be 1 hour or I am warned more if there has been a torrential downpour. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1048,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1042}]}