{"text":"Wonderful!!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Caribe Club Princess from 7\/706-7\/14\/06. Our trip was booked through Apple Vacations, which was one of the best things we could do. I read this site for about 2 months before our trip, and I did not know what to expect. Some said it was great, others did not have the luck of others. Our stay was wonderful. From the time we stepped off the plane, to the flight home, we had not one problem. We arrived at the hotel around 10:30, which was a little early considering their check in time is normally 3:00pm. When we arrived we were greated by the Apple representative...Tony.. and the staff at the check in counter. They were all very polite, and welcomed us warmly. As soon as we stepped foot into the lobby our vacation started. We got the VIP package, which was well worth it. We spent the day in the pool, drinking by the pool bar, and when 1:00pm came along, we were able to get into our room. Our room was basic, but nice. One of the junior suites. Great view from the balcony. I read in one travelers review that she brought little makeup down and gave to the maids... GREAT IDEA! I also brough little things down (eye shadow, lipsticks, mascara, etc) and left for the maids with a dollar or two. We had maid service each day, and our mini fridge was stocked the entire time. The people who work for the hotel work for the money, so if they do a good job, they are happy with receiving a dollar or two.  We went to the shows, they were good, the workers in the show work really hard to pull it off, and it shows. The food is ok, we ate mostly at the buffet, which is kind of like going to an Old Country Buffet back here. That is probably the only thing we could some what complain about, and it really was not that bad. The staff tries to get everyone involved with the entertainment, games, etc. The beaches are absolutly BEAUTIFUL! The water is about the same temperature as it is out of the water! Amazing.  We did a few activities outside of the resort, that we booked with the Apple reps. We went on quads on the ocean side (booked through Quadventure). This was great. The scenery was amazing. The tour guide was great, friendly, and showed us a lot. I have never been on a quad, and I drove it myself. It is automatic, and real easy. A little hint, if you decide to go on this, take the 1:00 tour, they make it a little longer since it is the last tour of the day. This was probably the best thing we did. We also went on the two seater speed boats, which then leads to snorkling. Again, this was great. The speedboats were cool, just a little too bumpy (wear sunglasses or you will have water in your eye the entire time). The snorkling was really cool. Our guide was Bito, and he took the most awesome pictures of us snorkling.  Along with the VIP package we received 20 fee massage. It was so good, we got an extra 40 min along with the 20min fee, and then the next day (the night before we left) we got another hour. Well worth it, and it is also beautiful inside the spa.  The weather was wonderful. If it rained, it only rained at night for a little bit. One day it rained during the day, and we stayed in the pool during the rain. Also, try going down to the flea markets. Haggle with them the best you can. One shop offered my boyfriend 10 ciggars for $120, and he got them in another shop for $25. Overall, our stay was wonderful. More than we expected. I suggest if you are going, to keep an open mind, and don't be picky. These people work hard, and it shows. We are already planning a trip back next year!!!P.S. When you get there, try a CoCo Loco~~ They are great!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":57,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":53}]}