{"text":"Great Resort! Great Time My family just returned from a weeks vacation at the Bahia Principe. My husband and I travelled with our young son (6 months old) and both sets of parents. We have never experienced such remarkable service before. We arrived at the hotel at about 10pm and our check in was easy and pain free. When we arrived in our room, our baby cot was not there but was delivered within 10 minutes. That evening we ordered room service and it also arrived quickly. Most of the staff members were very friendly and tried there best to help.The resort itself is large and when we were there it was at full capacity. We had some difficulty getting lounge chairs at the pool on our first day at 10 am. We quickly learned to reserve seats for the rest of our stay, even though the resort does not purport to allow this. The beach was beautiful and was less busy at the ends of the property. The water was quite wavy and our poor son was so afraid each time we took him in! The grounds at the resort were very well maintained and it seemed at any time of the day there would be staff members doing something to maintain its beauty!The food as well was excellent. The buffet had a lot of choices and there was always something that my picky mother could find to eat! For breakfast we ate at the buffet as well as the fish restaurant, which had less choice but was less busy. For lunch we tried each restaurant and there was always something different to try! We ate at four of the a la carte restaurants, Brazilian, Mexican, Japanese and French. The atmosphere at the Brazilian restaurant was nice as it was close to the beach and outside. The food was good but it was our least favourite. My husband and I went to the Mexican restaurant on our own and it was fantastic! There were plenty of appetizers to chose from (buffet style) and the main courses were delicious. We went as a large group to the Japanese restaurant which was a lot of fun. The sushi was great and the food could rival any Japanese restaurant here in Toronto. We also loved the French restaurant - the filet mignon was excellent and again the service was unbelievable! Oh, the cappuccinos in the lobby bar are delish and I think we had at least one a day!We would highly recommend this resort and would even think about returning! ","annotations":[]}