{"text":"Great Hotel - Except The Concierge Staff This was my second stay at W Seattle in a year. And while I very much enjoyed my first visit, this second stay was blemished by the fact that they employ the rudest, most unhelpful Concierge staff ever. The girl who works the Concierge Desk during the day is nothing more than a pretty face. When we asked her for suggestions on where to have breakfast, she recommended the hotel (and in all fairness, any good hotel employee is required to suggest the hotel first) or to head over to Pike Place Market and just look around. Uh, look around? I could have figured that out myself. I didn't need a concierge to tell me that. And then when we asked for information about local sights, she just threw us brochures and printed out directions. Totally useless employee.But the main problem here is Randall, the concierge in the evenings. He was a downside when I stayed at W Seattle last year, and he was even worse this year. He oozes attitude and refuses to take time to give any suggestions. Our main aggravation happened due to the fact that Wired, the hotel's business center is only open Monday thru Friday. It was a Sunday and we needed to print out our boarding passes. So we asked Randall if he could assist us. With annoyance, he logged onto to his computer. When he was required to put in our password, we asked if we could do it ourselves. He responded with a, What? Do you think I'm going to steal your password?. Unbelievable. This hotel would be much better if they didn't have him lurking around. I am a hotel manager (and formerly managed at a W) and would be shocked if any of my employees behaved this way.Besides these issues, the rest of the hotel continues to be great. The property is clean, still new-looking and the Style Attendant did an amazing job of keeping our room in great shape. The beds are great. And the prime downtown location means that you are close to anything. Plus, a big thank you to the Welcome Desk staff for being so accomodating when they offered us a 3:00 late check-out since we had an evening flight. I enjoyed my stay here, but next time I think I will try another property so I don't have to deal with the people at the Concierge Desk. ","annotations":[]}