{"text":"Fine Hotel, Superb Service The Paradisus Punta Cana deserves its reputation as one of the top hotels of Punta Cana and the Dominican Republic.We stayed at The Reserve, a relatively new addition to the hotel, in a Family Concierge Suite.Upon arrival we were warmly greeted by the staff and assigned a concierge to take care of our every need. We were surprised to be given a celphone with her number. She took care of our every need during our stay with a pleasant smile. We were impressed.The hotel itself is beautiful. The Reserve is a truly world class five star service hotel. The accommodations were luxurious and in very good taste. We enjoyed the large bathtub Jacuzzi which the attendant set up for us in a perfect bubble bath. My wife and I fit comfortably.The hotel is located in a five mile stretch of beach loaded with other hotels. The beach is beautiful and not that crowded, if you consider the hotel density in the area.The hotel has a complete gym which rivals our private gym back home and a fabulous SPA.The hotel grounds are extensive, and transportation is provided. The room includes a large umbrella for the inevitable evening showers.The food was varied, fresh, clean and tastefully presented. We were delighted with the Gaby Restaurant and their staff. We also enjoyed our lunches in La Palapa and had one dinner in the Italian restaurant, which we found delightful.The Kids loved the Kid Zone, and rightly so. I would call this hotel kid friendly, its a kids paradise short of Disney. The Kid Zone has amenities, fun activities, an Air Hockey table, Ping Pong table, foosball, Large Screen Digital TV, eight Play Station terminals and a slew of board games. All topped off with attentive service from a committed staff. They were quick to earn my kids esteem. We felt like we were on a honeymoon with the kids counting the minutes until they opened every morning. Bringing all to mind, we were delighted with our stay and would gladly recommend it to our family and friends. ","annotations":[]}