{"text":"Another Iberostar winner My wife and I have just returned from the Iberostar Dominicana in Bavaro, having 2 weeks of bliss. Having been to other Iberostar hotels previously we new the type of room we were looking for and an email to Iberostar led to us getting exactly what we required.This hotel came up to all expectations in all departments with the surroundings beautiful, the pool, gardens and beach superb. The restaurants provided excellent quality food and service with six speciality varieties as well as the buffet. On a two week break you get 4 guaranteed places from 5 and you can visit the 6th The Rock Star Cafe as many evenings as you wish. This proved for us to be the bonus item on the holiday as you don't have to make reservations for set times (as with the other 5 ) which can be restrictive. At the Rock Star Cafe it is walk in seating with waiter service and a good a la carte menu.On the entertainment front the daytime activities are varied and well organised by the Star Friends. We watched many and participated in the International Bingo Bongo compared by the multi lingual Daniel who we thought to be our star. On the evening entertainment front the shows were a bit hit and miss but generally good fun and packed with enthusiasm, plus a first class band and four singers. A good idea in the evenings is a visit to the main theatre bar for top quality branded drinks' but remember to ask for Gordons when you want a G  T otherwise you will get the local brew.Having been to Iberostar hotels before we knew that Hobie cat sailing was included in the price and down at the dive shop we met the charming Belgian man Jannick who was in charge and sorted out the sailings for us on a day to day basis. He was aided by Dominican assistants who got you in and out of the water with expertise and always with a smile.We travelled with My Travel and the Airbus from Gatwick was freezing cold on the way out and cramped and uncomfortable on the way back. The holiday was booked with Direct Holidays and it was nice to have as their representative a local Dominican gent called Felix who did his job with enthusiasm and charm making you feel like a real person.Finally a cautionary note: half way through our holiday our beach bag was stolen from our loungers at poolside. Security did recover the bag but missing was my wife's reading glasses on a gold chain, some old travel binoculars and a few dollars. Our sun creams, keys and empty wallet were left in the bag and returned to us. Fortunately our camera and MP3 player were in our room so the theft was more inconvenient than costly but beware of leaving items of importance unattended in public areas. This incident did not spoil our holiday or put us off the hotel.We would give the hotel a top rating and recommend it as one to go for. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":615,"mention":"Rock","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rock_candy"],"startOffset":611}]}