{"text":"Good weekend specials This hotel was the secret deal special on the wotif.com booking site.  The hotel is located in the CBD, which is deader than a doornail during the weekends, thus the special rate of $200 SGD per night (inclusive of taxes). The rate also included an upgrade to a Superior room, 3 pm checkout and an offer to upgrade to the Executive Floor for an additional 70 SGD ++ per night (which we declined). Anyone wanting breakfast would do well to upgrade, as the hotel's breakfast runs $31 SGD++ per person, whereas it's included on the Executive Floor, along with free flow non-alcoholic drinks during the day and three hours of cocktails with canapes in the evenings. Location wasn't really a factor for us, as we visit Singapore often and can get just about anywhere via the MRT, which is a five minute walk from the M Hotel.Those wanting to be in the middle of things in Singapore will be disappointed in this hotel, as it's located in the CBD, with not much else around.We found one Starbuck's, one Gloria Jeans and one Coffee Bean near the hotel, but all three were closed by early evening on Saturday.Our Superior room was located on the 18th floor. We were in a non smoking room, but there were cigarette burns on the furniture and a faint smell of smoke.We were told the room had a queen sized bed, and perhaps it did, but it was the smallest queen I'd ever slept on. It was comfortable enough, but tiny and a bit low to the ground.This hotel bills itself as a moderate business hotel and the room was indeed set up more for business than leisure.Our room was clean, except for the drapes which someone (presumably a kid), had gone after with a ball point pen and grubby fingers.The bathroom was small, but perfectly adequate. The sink area could have used more shelf space for storage of cosmetic items, but so it goes.Our room had a city view and was very quiet, but perhaps that was because the hotel was practically empty during our stay. We could hear a door slam once in awhile and I got the distinct impression that the hotel could be noisy during the week as the walls seemed a bit thin.The hotel served us well, but left the impression of a worn business hotel which had undergone a quick, cheap make-over. For instance, the closets, walls and desk top were a light, modern wood, yet the tops of the bedside tables were a mismatched dark, stain laminated surface. The door to the room was also dark ,and badly worn and chipped, yet the carpet appeared fairly new. It felt incongruous and a bit odd. The hotel service was a bit spotty. Very good at times, pretty awful at others. When we called for assistance our first night, we were told to first call Housekeeping, then Room Service, then Housekeeping again. We finally gave up and went down to the Concierge Desk where we were promptly assisted.All in all, this hotel worked well for us for a weekend getaway. I certainly wouldn't pay full price to stay here, but we felt we got our money's worth at $200 SGD a night. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1045,"mention":"Coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1039}]}