{"text":"AMAZING STAY!! =0) Ok, Me and my boyfriend stayed at this resort and thought it was amazing! Were both 21 and from NY- so were young and it was the first time staying at an all inclusive and it was great. At first we read the reviews and was kind of iffy about it and didn't know what to believe, but it turned out to be awesome. We first got there and did not like the view from our room at one of the buildings and we asked to switch, which they had no problem to do so, and got a pool view which was awesome cause we could just walk out the balcony and go in the pool. Also the service was great the food was great and the drinks were great!! It was nice because they had their own club at the resort, and all activites and shows planned for the days. There was a guy BENITO, he was very nice and he helped set up excursions throughout our stay, and which was so convenient then calling yourself and doing it on your own, which is I would not recommend as well. They have ATVS- Which I definately recommend where you go to this hidden cave and amazing beach!, Saona Island- which is PARADISE, and Carribean festival- which is sort of like a party boat and you swim with the sharks and snorkel- (on the boat the safety guy- EDDIE- he is really cool and helped take a lot of pics for us and of us)-. The beach at the hotel was amazing and unbelievable and the staff was soooo ENTERTAINING!! They really are hard workers over there and you definately see it. -- TIPPING IS VERY BIG and they really appreciate it - the staff, cleaning service, and the drivers of the bus and anyone who takes the time out to help you out. I would say the only thing that was bad was that the first room we recieved the A\/C wasn't working well, and the lights were burnt out. But the repair guy switched it none the less, but we also switched rooms. Thats about it! Be careful with the whole VIP thing, people come and ask you to set something up just say you already did it. Overall I MISS IT AND WANT TO GO BACK TO PARADISE! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":689,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":685}]}