{"text":"What a fantastic place to spend 2 weeks of our year! I have just returned from 2 weeks in the DR with my boyfriend and what a great holiday it really was. We have been to the DR 5 times now and I can honestly say that this is by far our favourite resort yet.I will start with the check in - although the reception team are friendly, it is very minimal and you are pointed in the direction of your room with no other detail. But hey, it was fun exploring!Our room was absolutely spotless and very comfortable. It was cleaned everyday and the maid(we tipped her $1 everyday) left pretty flowers around the room and made swans with the towels!Our mini bar was also stocked up daily however, a few occassions we were still asleep in bed at around 9am when he knocked on the door and he never came back!!!The pool is equally comfortable if you can get a sun lounger....I will not lower myself to getting up at 6am to place a towel over a sun bed to show it is reserved! We were up and had had breakfast by 9am on quite a few occassions but there was not a bed in sight. There are however plenty of beds on the beach so it's not too much of a problem.The beach is picture perfect. Again spotless and drowned in palm trees. The Animation team do activities until 1pm on the beach and these are great fun. They then move to the pool at 3pm for even more fun!The Punta Cana lobby bar was a very nice pit stop before dinner. We got to know a waitress called Migellina. She was great and very attentive. All the team there were great but certain people made our holiday memorable. There is a large selection of cocktails and other drinks so you could spend the whole evening working your way through the menu!The main buffet in the Punta Cana is superb. There is so much variety and it changes daily. Sometimes trying to get a drink is a bit of a mission but not really something to dwell on. I would recommend the asian night, it was my favourite and very tasty.We only ate in the Dominican Al La Carte restaurant so I can't give an honest review of all the many many others however our experience in there was good. The food was good, drink was good and atmosphere great. I guess you could say it was great!The evening shows are fab, the dancers are great and it's fun dancing traditional Dominican dances with the Animation team after. The best show is the 'Michael Jackson' and 'Continents' show. I'm not going to go in to detail as I don't want to spoil it for you, just don't miss them!We went to the disco a few nights, this too is fun.I would like to finish with the Animation Team. They are just truely dedicated and full of energy all the time. They are friendly, courteous, helpful and very very fun! We had 2 favourites...Jimmy (He likes to be called Jimmy Lover!) and Rolando. They were great and made our whole holiday experience what it was. If you like to take part in games, activities and dancing I am sure you will find the whole animation team just as entertaining as we did.Have a great holiday...we are planning to go back in April we loved it sooo much! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1390,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1386},{"endOffset":1390,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1386}]}