{"text":"All that jazz and more! Hotel Jazz was absolutely perfect, situated only a minute away from the top of La Rambla (the main street). The great design was modern but not cold or hard and the rooms were just the right size.The location was great, ideal for the Aerobus from the airport which is only 4euros for a single trip and it drops you literally around the corner from the hotel. If you head down towards the port there is La Rambla and the Barri Gotic area - if you head up the street, its the main shopping district - all chic designer shops. There are loads of cafes around, and a few shops (Zara, Mango, even Topshop!) literally on the doorstep to the hotel.We didn't want to pay 14euros or whatever the price was for breakfast, I think that was the only down point - we couldn't find anywhere nice to have breakfast, so ended up having it at Starbucks! (There are at least 4 starbucks within 10 mins of the hotel!) And there is free internet access 24 hours in the bar area - the bar is again, great modern decor, but maybe a little pricey (but you get free crisps with your drinks!). The pool area was just great - most people seemed to go sightseeing during the best part of the day, then come back to the hotel around 3.30\/4pm to chill out by the pool. We found if you get to the pool around 2.30\/3ish you basically have the poolside to yourself, but if you go later around 4, you might struggle to find a sunbed. They also provide towels around the pool, but sometimes they run out later in the day. Its really clean, and the views are great! I think the only downside about the pool was there wasn't enough shade - the umbrellas they had (only about 3!) often couldn't go up because of the strong breeze. There is also the really loud bird sound over the tannoy every hour (which wakes you up if you're napping!) but it keeps the birds away - and it works! You can order food  drink from up there as well, the drinks were pricey (2euros for a coke) but the food was quite cheap. There were workmen working on the roof while we were there which was quite annoying but it was only for a couple of days.If you have a late flight, the check out time is a reasonable 12noon, and they are really good about letting you use their facilities, they have a lock up area for your bags, and you can use the pool  shower up by the pool for the rest of the afternoon. We ordered a taxi from the hotel back to the airport (having taken the Aerobus in) but they add a hotel surcharge for ordering you one - the taxi was pricey as well (nearly 40euros!!) but I think we got completely ripped off!The rooms and bathroom were a great size - and yes, you can hear the metro but its literally just like the rumble of a car going past - what can you expect in the middle of a city?! But otherwise the rooms were silent as can be and the air conditioning was heaven after coming in from sightseeing! The bathrooms were really clean and again, modern decor - felt like luxury! In terms of food - I would recommend you book a few nights ahead for restaurants or else you might end up waiting an hour for a table - even during the week. Also some of the restaurants I can recommend around Barcelona are: La Crema Canela - you HAVE to try this restaurant, its just off the Placa Reial - people were queuing to get into this posh restaurant on the square, but if you go around the corner this was so much better, its so cheap and absolutely beautiful interior and the food is so tasty! El Gran Cafe - situated in a back street in the Barri Gothic area, 1920s interior, a bit more pricey but fantastic food.NOTI Restaurant - If you are looking for a posh, luxury restaurant, I would come here - it was my boyfriends birthday so I wanted to take him somewhere special. It was a lovely atmosphere and the food was amazing!But anyway, I would REALLY recommend Hotel Jazz to anyone! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1072,"mention":"crisps","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Potato_chip"],"startOffset":1066},{"endOffset":1960,"mention":"coke","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola"],"startOffset":1956}]}