{"text":"Charming, clean and cosy :) One thing that you first notice about this charming San Fran hotel is the friendly staff. Welcoming concierge staff and a cosy lounge style foyer making you feel at home right away.I chose this hotel after looking at the other reviews about it on this website, and am very pleased to say that I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms are spotlessly clean, the bathroom is so clean, although it's a classic old style (think Carrie's bathroom in Sex  The City!) it is so clean it looks brand new - shower curtain, bath, toilet - all exceptionally clean. I'm very fussy about clean beds and bathrooms in hotels, I thoroughly inspect both these areas of hotel rooms I visit and I was 100% satisfied with the Cartwright.The room was definitely roomy enough for one, and I would say cosy for two, it's not too small, you still have enough room for two. The bed was so very, very comfortable, there was a desk and chair in the room, I had a walk-in closet and there was also a nice casual chair in my room.You are so close to Union Square it's fantastic - you turn left out of the hotel, take the first right and you can see the square straight away. The Cartwright Hotel is nicely tucked away from the square though, so you're near enough but also far away enough from loud noise of the center of the square.Renovations were in their early stages whilst I was there but all the public areas were kept clear and clean - the builders were polite and considerate whenever I passed them to get to the elevator. Very minimal building noise too.Directly opposite the hotel you have a 24 hour Walgreens and about 3-4 streets away just off Union Square there is a 24 hour Starbucks! Just thought I'd add that in!!The staff make this hotel just as nice to return to as the cleanliness and cosiness of the rooms. I can highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":999,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":995}]}