{"text":"The ultimate relaxation. We have just arrived back from the Excellence, and agree that we have had a wonderful vacation. We enjoyed everything about it. The food was great overall (not gourmet) but very good. The pools and the surrounding garden areas were beautyful. Where you didnt have a seaview, you had a wonderful gardenview. The beach was beautyful, although I can understand if keen sea swimmers are a little dissappionted, as the sea was quite rough. Personally it doesn`t bother me that much, (dont like sharks either anyway) just walking barefoot in sand in the morning as the sun comes up is amazing. (I just wish that the Dominican Republic would do something about the litter situation. As soon as you walk outside the resort there is rubbish everywhere. However, this seems to be a general problem in a lot of countries e.g. Spain, Greece, and some parts of Italy too. Isn`t it time we do something about this, it is an enviromental disaster!)Yes, there is need of maybe some maintenance-work at the hotel, both on the rooms, and the sportsfacilities, but we could see that there was loads of work going on. Obviously with new owners, they are determined to give the whole hotel a lift which I am sure they will succeed in doing.And how charming with the small bird-sanctuary. Everyone seemed to stop and have a look, and coming from Norway, it is not everyday you see flamigos in the free.Then the huge plus-point - the staff. Whatever this place may lack (and you have to look hard for it) it makes up for with amazing staff! We have never met friendlier people from the gardeners to the reception. We have travelled for years to southern Europe (France, Italy, Spain and Greece), and friendly people are few and far beetween. And we speak French, we always try a little Spanish and Italian when we are there, and it rarely has a great impact on the service! But here, a completely different scenario. We realise that Americans in general are used to a high level of service, but for Europeans, this was amazing. And yes, we did tip, but not always, and it still didnt seem like that was the major point, they were still friendly and smiling, and could not do enough for you! We felt utterly spoilt!We would like to mention, Germy in the gym. Very knowlegdable and very helpful! We really hope that the Exellence will make use of his talent and knowlegde in the new gym. With new facilities he is a bonuspoint, an excellent personal trainer! Also Rolando and Lukas on the tennis courts. With limited resources (courts were in desperate need of work, and average ball quality) they could not do enough for you. Always smiling, and coming out with towels, water, and trying to find the best balls to play with. When the courts are worked on this will be a fantastic facility. Especially combined with the new gym, aerobic \/dance facilities. Not just a romantic hotel, but a really good sportsplace for people interested in general fitness.Then the green Team, Jesus, Julio, Rey, Ines, Juan Carlos, Franklin and whoever I left out. Happy, service minded and so much fun! The waiters, sweet Dorling, Altagracia with the infectious laugh (Cafe cafe), Rolando and Santa in the breakfast room to mention two, they were all fantastic.We thoroghly enjoyed our stay, and not ventoring out is actually quite relaxing. If we wanted an adventorous trip, we would not stay in a resort like this. We wanted relaxation, sport facilities, pool and sunshine, and we had that, and fantastic service. We will be back. ","annotations":[]}