{"text":"Modern hotel in tranquil area off the beaten track We stayed here for New Year and paid extortionate rates as we went last minute. 320 Euros a night... having said that the hotel was lovely, but nothing spectacular. It is a modern 70's building opposite the Hilton, in a residential area filled with beautiful Amsterdam School influenced houses. We found it easy to get a tram 5 or 24 into Leidesplein, and you are a 10 minute walk to the park and Museumplein. I have never stayed in this part of Amsterdam before and was really surprised. It is tranquil, green and has some lovely shops and bakeries a few streets walk. Hire a bike from the hotel and explore the area - Do not get ripped off with the taxis though - we paid 25 Euros to get there from CS and it should be nearer 10!! The hotel itself is comfortable, not overly luxurious though. The emphasis is on understated design, and tones are all browns and greys. The staff were welcoming and helpful - and the breakfast staff were always cheery - which was great with a hangover.We stayed in an executive double on the third floor (1406). You get an exclusive lift and the room had a large semi circular floor to ceiling window overlooking a main road. I imagine in non holiday times this would be noisy, but the light in the room was pleasant. The bed was huge and very comfortable, and there was plenty of storage and extra seating. The bathroom, although large and marble designed lacked the wow factor - the jacuzzi bath was tired and the shower was in the wrong place - plus the water pressure, presumably from high occupancy was a bit iffy too. Breakfast wasn't included in the room charge and is 21 Euros, or if you order it when you check in, 15 Euros. I grumbled a bit, but the breakfast is fabulous and worth the money. Better than any spread I have seen since the Westin in Rotterdam.I don't have any complaints that would deter me from recommending this hotel - at the right price. It doesn't feel like a 5 star though- the opulence isn't evident, and there were niggling charges - 10 Euros to use the WiFi which should be free. ","annotations":[]}