{"text":"Outstanding Experience At the end of January 2007, we had the pleasure of staying at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa. We had never been there before, and one of us had not even been to Miami. I happened to request a 3 star hotel through Priceline and was pleasantly surprised to have this hotel come up as my location to visit.The staff was perfectly friendly, not overbearing and certainly not fake. We were greated by valet parking with absolutely no wait and when we got our car out of valet parking there was essentially no wait, either. We were offered help with our bags, of course. At the Hotel Desk, we felt immediately welcome by the staff. The beautiful interior felt like a luxurious home away from home and that was just the beginning.Upon arrival on the 10th floor, we were delighted to find a large room that was extremely clean. The bathroom had an oversized tub\/shower and was complete with a phone :-) There was more storage than any hotel needs for a short visit but it literally felt like a home. The place is as gorgeous as the website indicates - even more so. It's located ON the beach and contains three restaurants on the premises.We arrived late to begin with. When we finally get set to go out on the town it was too late to find dinner so we asked the gentleman at the front desk about delivery options. He was exceedingly helpful and offered several options. He also called us when the delivery arrived. We had several great conversations with this fellow during our stay.During one of these conversation which must have been 2:00am, another fellow, the bell hop, overheard us talking about where we were from and struck up another conversation. These folks were completely genuine and seemed to take pride in the services that they offered.Finally, the next day, flights were delayed and we had to request a late check-out. The staff was happy to be able to accomodate us with a couple extra hours. We did not feel at all like an inconvenience to them. On the contrary, they went out of their way to make sure everything was fine and there was nothing else they could do for us. During this extension, we ordered room service and not only were we impressed by the service, but the food was deliciously prepared.I look forward to returning to the Miami Beach Resort and Spa as they left a positive taste of Miami on my mind.Although Priceline.com rates them 3 stars, we would go there over 4 star locations, any time. This place comes highly recommended by a couple people with high standards. ","annotations":[]}