{"text":"A Great Place to Rejuvenate with your family Check In: They were just ok. We wanted connecting rooms and they could not accomodate until the next day. Manuel on the desk was very helpful in stepping up and finding us connecting rooms the next day. The grounds are beautiful and well maintained. They always have gardeners trimming the coconut trees. We loved walking through the paths on the resort .Rooms-Clean and comfortable. Some are nicer than others. Some fridges colder than others. Nothing outstanding, but they have that tropical feel that I like when I am in the tropics. I did not find the rooms to be musty. Our maid spoke no english but she kept our room spotless and at night we had turn down and she would leave little gifts.Food-Loved it ! The food was great. Loved all the Restaurants. I do not have any complaints about the food and I am picky. The nighttime dinners do not cater to children.......No big deal. They have 24 hour room service and my kids loved the pizza! They would eat it before we went to the restaurants.Pool-great pool. My kids had a blast in the pool. All different depths which made it fun. We also used the kids pool in the reserve. They had a couple of toddler water slides. Great fun for my 3 year old.Service-Majority of people were very friendly even with the language barrier. I think we ran across only 1 person who was having a bad day. The next day that same person was very friendly.Lobby bar-makes the best tasting drinks.Pool bar-the greatest guys.Gabby bar-strongest drinks.Beach-lovely and maintained. The beach out front of the Paradisus was looked after better than some of the other resorts.Bugs-did not see any bed bugs. I did see them replacing many of the mattresses with new ones. Not sure if they were just renovating or if they were fixing a situation. We did see skeeters outside in the morning, but they were not flying. We had maybe 5 on the ceiling of our balcony. Only saw 2 in the bathroom. I brought room spray with me and bug rep. We used it at night. We did not get swarmed by bugs. My 3 year old did get 2 on his ankles. You are in the tropics you are going to see a few bugs. It was really a non issue for our family.We had a great family vacation. It was a great place to reconnect and enjoy our family. We wanted a great beach, great food, smiling faces and a great pool. We got all that and more. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":987,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":982}]}