{"text":"Great Location....Good Hotel I should start this review by stating that my overall opinion for this hotel is above average. The Good: The location is wonderful. Perched about 300 feet above the Atlantic Ocean, this resort spots stunning views of the surrounding scenary. The hotel even has a Marina-level accomodation, so you can either stay by the sea or have a breathtaking view of it! The staff was superb. Every single staff member said hello to me throughout my 6 day stay. If there were problems, which I will get to a bit later, the staff addressed them with acute awareness and provided a prompt resolution. The island beach was well serviced with a restaurant and bar, as well as many hundreds of lounge chairs. The casino is small but adequate. The food was wonderful but pricey. The many pools were warm by day but cool at night, and were quite nice. This resort definately feels luxerious but there is much to be desired...The Bad: Maintanance was very bad. Throughout the stay, the elevators were out of commision on more than one occasion. The funicular was constantly breaking down...at least once a day...and always at the worst time. The hotel does provide a back-up shuttle van service, however when we were in a hurry this was not a quick solution. Our hotel room was nice but was very aged. We were located at the Marina-level with a nice view of the ocean. However there were lights that were burned out, and some moldings at the doorways were cracked. But again, the staff addressed most of these concerns with a friendly attitude and prompt resolution.The Verdict: For the price that they are charging, this hotel needs to be and is being improved. The contruction is not noticeable except when entering the hotel (I never heard any construction noise the entire stay). If you can find a good deal, and there are many out there, stay here! The grounds are beautiful. The atmosphere is wonderful. The food is great! As long as you go into this resort knowing the drawbacks, and there are some, the stay can and will be a trip of a lifetime. The key deciding factor in my recommendation was the staff. Without the warm and friendly staff, I would not have recommended this resort, plain and simple. So it appears to me that the hotel's brick and mortar needs to be improved, but its hard working staff does not. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1358,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1354}]}