{"text":"Slow Decline - What happened to the amazing service? As a regular visitor to Amsterdam (at least 3 or 4 trips per year) I have been a big fan of this Hotel and have stayed there at least 30 times.This place was previously owned by the Intercontinental Hotel group and later became a 5 star Crowne Plaza owned Hotel. Throughout this time my numerous visits were made very special by the outstanding customer service, the elegant dining, cocktails and champagne breakfasts at the cafe American.There always seemed to be a complimentary bottle of wine or box of goodies waiting for us in our usual suite that we had no problem booking in advance. We even started a tradition celebrating new years at the hotel and my partners birthday.Since the Eden group have taken over the reception staff barely look up from there computer screens let alone provide a civil welcome. Even the staff that remain form years back seem to have a different attitude. Its odd and quite sad.Having said all of that the hotel is beautiful and the suites are reasonably big (note the internal facing standard rooms are not so great). The refurb has panned out really well and the spirit of the Art Deco theme has survived in all it's splendour. If you have never been before you should give it a go in order to decide for yourself.Cafe American is as expensive as ever but it is great to get a table by one of the huge windows and watch the world go by (day or night), Breakfast is adequate and dinner is always a grand occasion.Reservations now also refuse to entertain booking a specific room or even recording a preference of which side of the hotel you would like to stay.On my last visit in January I was overcharged by 600 euro and it took me 3 weeks to sort a refund. No apology was offered. The fire alarm also got triggered at 4am in the morning and could not be switched of for 1 hour despite the hotel staff telling the guests not to leave their rooms.What has been gained by the refurb seems to be lost in the service that really made the American an amazing place to stay.For the first time in over 10 years I have just booked an Amsterdam trip and I will not be staying at the American. ","annotations":[]}