{"text":"Enjoyed La Perle My girlfriend and I stayed at La Perle for five nights in mid May 2007. We very much enjoyed the hotel and loved Paris. The hotel is just a couple of blocks off St. Germain which is a great place to stay - lots of great shops and boutiques, restaurants, galleries, and attractions. Plus the hotel is very close to two different metro lines so accessing the rest of the city is easy.Within a ten to fifteen minute walk are the Louvre, Musee D'Orsay, Notre Dame, St. Chappelle and St. Sulpice. Others, such as the MuseesRodin and Picasso, and the Pompideau centre, are a little further butalso walkable. Other attractions (Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe) are just a short distance away by metro, which in Paris is easy and safe to use.The hotel itself is above average and good value for downtown Paris. The street is quite quiet at night and I didn't have any trouble withnoisy neighbors outside or in other rooms. Yes, the rooms are very small, but quite comfortable and you will spend most of your time outside. The hotel has a small breakfast area and lounge off the lobby and a computer you can use for internet access.If you are considering going on the Open Top bus tour around the city, there is a stop quite close to the hotel on St. Germain. However, it is not the main route (there are four routes altogether) and we waited a long time for the bus to come by (it also ends for the day sooner than the main line). It is a better idea to walk down to Notre Dame where two or three of the bus routes intersect and you can board there.We bought a five day metro pass which we found very handy, and we also bought a 6 day museum pass which also was very useful and saved us quite a lot of time waiting in lines at the main attractions. Both are worth buying.The Louvre and D'Orsay are of course fantastic, as is Versailles if you get the chance (although Versailles is unbelievably busy). One highlight, especially if you like Monet's work, is the Musee D'Orangerie. It is just past the Louvre and is excellent. I also thought the Hotel Des Invalides was amazing.Have a great trip! ","annotations":[]}