{"text":"Very good hotel, although not quite perfect We stayed in the Chesterfield for one night to follow our office Christmas Dinner there.The hotel was very much as we expected it, being of a Regency style and with excellent attention to detail.In retrospect, the hotel probably wasn't the best venue for a lively group in their 30s and 40s, as it seemed the regulars were typically of a more sedate stage in life, and this was reflected in the bar after the dinner. While one barman was fast, efficient, and polite, the other we assumed to have been assigned to the bar from other duties and against his will, as he declined to utter a word to us all night, and met every order with a gruff, reluctant expression. It seemed the fifty or so people in the bar were beyond their service capacity, and at one point I waited over 15 minutes and changed position three times to try to place my order.However, they did have a reasonable selection of drinks, and those of us who ordered cocktails after our meal upstairs, said they were very good. The meal, although a Christmas Dinner and probably not representative of the restaurant, was a very traditional turkey dinner, and also good.The staff in reception were very helpful and friendly, reception itself was gorgeously decorated with a Christmas tree and real Gingerbread House, and our standard room was lovely, although small-as-expected, with shuffle-room only around the double bed, but this didn't feel oppressive at all. The bathroom was a decent size, with a walk-in rain shower. The bed was lovely, comfortably firm, and the linen, dressing gowns, towels, etc. were all very luxurious. Everything was perfectly clean, and the hotel well-heated even on the bitterly cold evening we were there.My only other criticism would be that the English breakfast delivered to our room was only lukewarm by the time it arrived: again, not a big deal, but for such a highly rated hotel, I expected more. Also, the man in the kitchen who took our order had trouble understanding my English, which again, is a minor frustration that I have accepted in many other hotels, but I wouldn't have expected here. I was slightly relieved to see our breakfast arrived as ordered. The fact that our rate included breakfast, and there was no charge for having this in our room, was a pleasant surprise.So, overall, the Chesterfield is a lovely luxury hotel, but probably more appreciated by those who are visiting the UK as tourists and specifically enjoy the Regency style. I was shocked that they would even employ such an unfriendly barman, but in all other aspects the service was good. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1321,"mention":"Gingerbread House","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Gingerbread"],"startOffset":1304},{"endOffset":1321,"mention":"Gingerbread House","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Gingerbread"],"startOffset":1304}]}