{"text":"Unpleasant encounter First of all you need to be aware that this hotel is not in Frankfurt, but in Neu-Isenburg \/ Gravenbruch which is quite a distance both to the city as well as the airport. Tripadvisor lists this hotel under both Frankfurt and Neu-Isenburg where in fact these listings should be merged.I have booked a day room in this hotel as part of the free arrival service for Lufthansa First Class Passengers. The problems already started with my reservation. I had emailed them requesting a room and my email remained unanswered for over one week. After sending a reminder, I received a confirmation. When I had to postpone my arrival by one day, I sent them a note with this request. Their confirmation (in a very impersonal template-email) then showed an overnight stay which I had never requested. I asked them to rectify and eventually got the correct confirmation. However, two days before my arrival they seemed to be so confused that they emailed me and even called my parents (whose contact number I had provided since I was travelling overseas) to check again on my arrival date. The experience got worse when I arrived at Frankfurt airport. I arrived at the airport at 5:20 am. My confirmation email showed that their free shuttle service from the airport to the hotel was only available between 6:30 am and 10:30 pm, so I went to the Lufthansa Lounge for one hour. The Lufthansa staff called the Kempinski to book the shuttle for me which the hotel confirmed. However, when I got outside the terminal, there was no shuttle waiting for me so I called the hotel myself. The receptionist told me that the shuttle had just left and could only return after another 45 minutes of wait since they only have one shuttle bus and it were busy. While I had no problem waiting in the lounge, you need to know that after the baggage claim\/customs there is no waiting area and you are virtually standing on the street in the cold of the morning. I asked to speak to a manager as this is not what I understand as First Class Service, so my call was transferred to another lady who said that I should take a taxi and would be reimbursed for the cost. When I arrived at the hotel, she handed me over the money for reimbursement. However, upon check-out, I was approached by a gentlemen who presented me with the bill for the taxi and insisted that I need to pay back to them for the taxi fare of EUR 26.50. I asked to bring this to the attention of the hotel's management, so after being back home, I received a call, where they just reinstated that I had to pay without acknowledging that their reception staff had made a mistake by promising me a reimbursement. I later learnt that - even though I had requested to speak to a manager - she was not and apparently not in the position to make any decision. The deputy director of the hotel who I was eventually talking to on the phone treated me very rudely and made me feel like I were trying to cheat them by a pack of peanuts.The room itself was ok, but nothing great. Even though I had a room which seemed to be more recently renovated, I could see other rooms as well as the corridors that showed a very old fashioned, dated design. In several places and details (like e.g. the elevators) you can see that the hotel is already more than 40 years old. If this comes together with bad and rude service plus a very remote location, very high costs for extras (Wireless Internet in the room using your own laptop at 6 EUR per hour whereas other hotels like e.g. the Radisson offer this for free), you should think twice whether you want to stay there. ","annotations":[]}