{"text":"A really PERFECT relaxing stay .... an EXCELLENT team ... I'll be back I have just returned from a long weekend in Amsterdam where I was obliged to stay at two hotels. The first, this one, the SAS Radisson I booked myself and stayed for two nights (Nov 7th and 8th) and the second, booked by others for me you will find a review of here on my profile.There is not enough good things i can say about my stay at this hotel, we had a PERFECT relaxing stay. From the first moment we arrived until the sorry moment we departed all was simply perfect. The staff were extra friendly and efficient. Though incredibly central the hotel surroundings were very quiet with the only regular noise beyond the windows the peel of the many church bells accross the canal - hardly an annoyance is such a pretty city. THe hotel decor is pretty standard business hotel fare yet with a beautiful bar and a well appointed gym\/fitness area.We were very glad to have the Ruyschen corner suite with a beautiful view over a quiet canal. The wooden floored aiery suite was spacious, well designed and appointed and immaculately clean. The wifi connection was up and operating within seconds. Mini-bars are always pricey yet this one had a very interesting selection and was not a rip-off ( though a half bottle of sparkling wine or champagne would make a welcome addition). The Nespresso professional coffee machine with a wide abundant selection of brews was very welcome. As an added asset I might suggest an ipod dock or connection for ipods to the hi-fi unit in the room so that one could listen to one's own music, (this is becomming more and more standard in good hotels as many more of us travel with our ipods and not cd's).The bathroom was a highlight with a very spacious walk in shower and a deep and long jaccussi bath with very good quality and bountiful complimentary toileteries. (my only suggestion might be a dimmer switch on the bathroom lights which could only either be fully on or off - not the best for a romantic soak !! :-))We were sad to leave and especially so when we arrived at our next destination hotel , yes it was slightly cheaper but in no was as good value as the Radisson!A special mention must be given to Peter-Paul Van Eijk the duty manager on our arrival on the Friday night. He did all and more to correct a slight mistake that had been made in the booking system. The issue dissappeared within seconds with no prompting on our part and even despite the hotel being rather full. What might have taken a slight edge off the check in process and stay proved to be no longer a problem. Louis the concierge was also really excellent in his restaurant recommendations. A list of top and expensive restaurants i had received from friends before my departure were all booked up for the weekend and Louis provided alternative suggestions that were nothing less than perfect , Gusto a great and reasonalbe italian open late very nearby and Le pecheur, a really excellent and affordable fish restaurant beside the flower market (we returned twice over our four day stay in the city). (i will give a quick review of each here)If only all hotel personnel were so professional and accomodating!I will certainly and absolutely return as soon as I can and FULLY recommend anyone to stay here. Well done all of you at the SAS Radisson Amsterdam. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1381,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1375}]}