{"text":"# 1? I stayed at this hotel with high expecations since rated #1 by trip advisor. The only thing about this hotel that stood out to me was the friendliness of the staff and how they seem to cater to your every need. The valets and doormen were so nice and always greeted us and asked us if we needed any dining suggestions. This was very appreciated as we wanted to eat someplace other than the hotel. The first night we had dinner at Cafe 15 and found the service from OUR waiter to be pretty lame. Having to pour our own water and waiting over 20 minutes for our bill, as our waiter was wandering around as if he was looking for something to do. HELLLOOOO, we're sitting here staring at you with a table full of empty plates and glasses! Thankfully, Marlos, another server, noticed that we were not getting attentive service and came right over with some complimentary goodies. I thought this was a very nice gesture. The concierge was very helpful as well, getting us a rental car as well as directions to several locations we were looking for. Arriving to the door of our room was interesting, apparently someone had graffiti written max above the door number. Hopefully that will be cleaned up. The other point that needed some cleaning was the carpet right by the bed area. I won't even mention what type of spots those look like. The separte tub\/shower combo was fabulous. I really enjoyed being able to take a bath after a long day. Especially in a clean bathtub! The view from our room was GREAT!!! I found the large windows very nice as they let plenty of sunshine in. Lastly, the bed itself was very comfortable and the pillows were great too. The only complaint was that the duvet fit more like two sheets wrapped around a down comforter becasue I had to contantly rewrap the comforter between these two sheets since the tags kept rubbing on my face. If I ever return to DC I would try a different hotel this one simply did not live up to my expectations. Some other cons are that there is no gift shop and no pool. The only pro -service there for the most part was awesome! For those that like to indulge in spa activities the I SPA at the Williard is FAB!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":910,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":906}]}