{"text":"From one successful Hotelier to another - the Rossi family Within 10 minutes of arriving in Florence by Terravision Coach from Pisa Airport I was separated (a Scotsman) from my wallet and its contents, a considerable amount of cash and several plastic cards so be warned. My loss was discovered when the Taxi dropped my wife and I at The Columba. Thank the Lord Roseanna, the lady of the house was on duty, as she always seemed to be, to hear my sad tale. She immediately went out and paid the taxi and stuffed some notes in my hand to relieve my destitution. This is not intended to be an invitation for any wrong minded person to take advantage of!!That was the down side of our short visit. Roseanna's professional attention to detail from our registration to the end of our stay remained attententive in every detail and of a very high friendly standard. My wife and I have no great knowledge of the Itialian language but that was overcome by Roseanna's perfect English. My wife and I who have been in the hotel business for many years would thoroughly recommend The 3 * Columba to anyone visiting Firenze, it's location is most suitable for the many attractions in the City and within walking distance. Our room was worthy of at least another star rating, the hotel was spotless, linen changed daily, the satelight TV offered all European stations plus CNN and BBC worldwide. I am a good eater especially at breakfast and have to say that the included continental breakfast was more than I expected for the inclusive bed and breakfast rate. The regular staff have been with the Rossi's for many years which speaks for itself and her son Angelo is not a bad judge of the local eateries thank you for your recommendation.Not forgetting the Patron who I am sure understands more English than he allows himself to speak.Molto Grazie to you all for treating us as guests and not just room numbersBetty  Derick Ross ","annotations":[{"endOffset":167,"mention":"Scotsman","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Scotsman_Hotel"],"startOffset":159}]}