{"text":"Fantastic!! I spent two weeks at the Catalonia Bavaro Resort with my best friend and we had an amazing time.The resort was beautiful... clean and well maintained. The staff was very friendly and attentive to your every need. They truly would do anything for you.The food was very good. The buffet restaurant had a huge selection of different foods... something for even the pickiest eater!! The a la carte restaurants (Mexican, French, Japanese and American steakhouse) were also very good. There was also a second buffet restaurant and a snack bar near the pool for those who didn't want to dress up for meals. The pool was awesome! We spent quite a few nice afternoons around the pool or at the swim-up bar. Members of the animacion staff would come by around 3:00 to get people to play water volleyball or water polo - lots of fun! There were also salsa lessons, Spanish lessons on the beach and competitions for tourists to enter with prizes awarded during the evening entertainment.The beach was lovely. There were kayaks and pedal boats, scuba lessons and dive opportunities, and, of course, a beach bar! The entertainment was very good. The dance routines were full of energy and were really fun to watch. On Monday nights they had a beach party. They set up tables and chairs down on the beach and had a bar on each side. There were a few guys who did fire breathing... that was very cool. The animacion staff were lots of fun... they were always there to make sure you were having a good time. They also would pull you up on the dance floor at the disco! I've never danced so much!!! The room was large and very nice with a king bed, a jacuzzi tub and a balcony complete with hammock. The staff did a very good job cleaning up and stocking the mini-fridge!!We took three tours: an all-day cultural tour of Santo Domingo, an afternoon party boat where we snorkeled with nurse sharks and stingrays, and a day trip to Saona Island. They were all great tours and decently priced. Saona Island was our favorite tour - they took us there in speed boats, we had a barbeque lunch and relaxed on the beach, then took a rum-soaked catamaran back to shore. Lots of fun!All-in-all, it was a terrific time... I'm already planning on going back!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":659,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":655}]}