{"text":"You get what you pay for! If you are trying to save money, it is fine to stay here but you do get what you pay for. I don't believe that this hotel should qualify as a 3 star hotel any longer. I stayed here 3 years ago, and it did then. However, in the past 3 years it seems to have become worn and a bit run down. The young man at the front desk is very nice which helped. My husband, daughter  myself were staying there (triple room) for 2 nights. First a man (apprx mid to late 20s) tried to rob my husband as my husband walked behind me on the rather narrow street near the hotel minutes prior to checking in. (It is close to the train station.) Fortunately, my husband put him into a fast headlock and pinned him to a car until storeowners came outside. Then (even though reservations were made months in advance) we were assigned to a room on the first floor that smelled badly. (I had told them in advance that I had asthma, and the hotel staff didn't even seem to notice the strong odor in the room.) After begging  pleading, I was told that we could take the quad room next door but would have to move back into the original room for the 2nd night since he said they were booked solid and a quad was coming. The quad room was fine (for the money). It didn't smell but spreads were worn (even a small tear in one) and the shower curtain (thin plastic) was moldy at the bottom. The next morning after begging, pleading etc they said to pack up all of our things and move them out of the quad room before touring and they'd see what they could do about a different room if we came back at noon. They did give us a room on an upper floor. It also smelled however and had worn spreads. There was a bit of mold on the shower curtain but not as bad as the quad room mold. Due to asthma, I also need my head elevated at night and require 2 pillows. The hotel said that they can only provide one pillow per person when they are booked solid because they do not have an extra pillow! My husband had to sleep without a pillow! This hotel was always very basic,utilitarian looking but it didn't appear worn down and faded 3 years ago. I was disappointed and wouldn't choose to stay here again. However, if I were on a strict budget and smells etc didn't bother me, I would consider staying here for the price. The breakfast is fine, the man who makes it is nice and they have free internet. It's a shame though that the hotel doesn't charge $5 extra and allot about $10 per night into a fund and segregate the money and use it to keep their rooms nice by replacing spreads and shower curtains on a regular basis and doing maintenance to prevent odors and problems. Despite someone attempting to rob us, I didn't really feel unsafe even though the hotel is in a rather narrow street. ","annotations":[]}