{"text":"A Gem in Union Square Thank you Chancellor Hotel.The staff was very helpful ( printing out directions for us) There is a Computer in the lobby for use at no charge.I had found the Chancellor on Trip Advisor and booked two rooms for my Father -in Law and my husband and I . We had been in monterey for a family wedding and this was our last night before flying home.The rooms are very small but it reminded me of European hotels but this one is much nicer than what I stayed at in Paris. The rooms were newley refirbished and very very clean and fresh. Very tastefuly decorated and we loved the curtians that keep out the early morning light. The hotel offers several types of pillows you can chose from if you do not like the ones in your room and its Free !!. Think of Down, hypoallergic, scented and many more.The beds have tailored bedding with down comforters. The room has no A\/C but a celing fan and the windows opened up to let in lot's of air. You do need to close them at night as the city is loud, unless you like that. Yet, when they are closed you don't hear a thing. Impressive windows. The room has a safe, iron  board, soaps, shampoos etc and the signature yellow rubber duck for the bath. We were well taken care of and I would highly recomend the Chancelor... as long as you don't need a large room and like spotless and cozy comfort.. We did. They may have larger rooms I didn't ask but I am sure the excellent staff at the chancelor Hotel would be happy to help. They also offer portable spas for your in room bath. They charge a small fee but I am sure after a busy day in the city a little in-room pampering at such a reasonable fee is worth it. On another note, the Cable Cars pass by the hotel and you can purchase a day pass for $11.00 vs. $5.00 per ride. The hotel offers valet parking and they had our car back to us very quickly in the morning.. Thanks. Union Square is perfect for us who don't want to be in the touristy Warf area and the Chancellor Hotel gets a big A plus from me. Many thanks to Wes the manager.... :) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1350,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":1343}]}