{"text":"Worst Customer Service- Not worth staying there! I am Puerto Rican and have stayed in many locations on the island. While this hotel is good for night life, that's it. Stay somewhere else and just go there at night!The room service is terrible, you're lucky if they show up to clean your room in time for you to shower before you go to dinner. We spent the whole day at the pool and the room service still hadn't made their way to our room at 4:00pm with new towels, etc, unacceptable. The service by the pool is nothing to be desired. They have a cabana that is fully staffed with people that should be making their way around the pool area and accommodating the guests but that doesn't happen. We ordered food one day and it took an hour. Then the next day they ran out of water, which took another 45 minutes. Every time you want a drink\/food you have to go up and order, while the staff just stand around and talk to each other.Every morning we ate breakfast at the hotel- tip(leave the hotel, there are many places walking distance and it's very safe). We would have to flag our waiter down for everything as they would have just let us sit there for 30 minutes, with children, without ever coming by to take our order. Once you place your order expect to wait for another 45 minutes, so ridiculously slow!Oh and forget about Internet Connection, it's the worst! It would take about 10 minutes for each email to open and to send, it's the slowest like everything else there!The best of it all is that I was staying with my brother who gave his credit card details when he booked this hotel. I checked in before him and was made to give my credit card details temporarily until he showed up. When my brother checked in, he gave the staff his credit card details and they assured him that the final bill would be charged to him. We triple checked with the front desk several times that the final payment should be charged to his card. While he was checking out, I was loading the car with suitcases. They had him sign my credit card and authorize $1,600. They are the most incompetent and negligent people. When I called the hotel to refund my card and sort out the error they were unapologetic and told me it could take a week to review. This is illegal!We spent time talking to other guests at the hotel that felt equally disappointed with the lack of accommodation and or helpfulness by the hotel staff.You have spent millions on renovations on the outside but what will keep people coming back will be your service!!!!!!!I have to say, in the past, I have always highly recommended this hotel to everyone I know but I was embarrassed at the poor quality of management and staff, given the price people pay to stay here. You may not have had much competition in the past, but all the hotels in the area are getting renovated so I suggest you get it together and train your staff properly. People can go to other islands and get much better service! ","annotations":[]}