{"text":"Fantastic Location My husband and I just returned from a Mediterranean cruise and stayed at Antiche Figure for 2 nights before the departure of the Emerald Princess from Venice. Once flying into Venice we took the ACTO bus to Piazza Roma. The bus is right outside the exit of the baggage area of the airport so it was very convenient. Look for a yellow ticket machine. Once you put your 3 euros in ( it gives change), validate it in another machine near it before the bus comes. When you arrive at Piazza Roma (very busy area) you have a decision to make before going to the hotel. How will you get there. We are in our 60's and pulling our luggage over 2 stepped bridges nearly killed us. If you are young, you could walk to the hotel. If not,. take a water taxi at the Piazza. ( Even young people were struggling with their luggage) The hotel was fantastic and the room 411 overlooking the canal was so much fun. When you take a shower, you can open the bathroom window and look at the beautiful green dome right next to you. There are two windows that you can open over the canal and see and hear all of the action, but once you close the windows, we couldn't hear anything. Amazing! We could see the Railway Station right across the canal. The breakfast in the morning was typical European and we loved the little cappicino machine. Take your breakfast out to the tables in front of or the side of the hotel to eat. Don't miss the action. We couldn't understand why people would eat in the breakfast room. The staff was outstanding and very pleasant. They answered any question you could think of and drew maps for anywhere. We can't say enough about the hotel and you won't be disappointed. My husband and I have traveled to Europe 5 times and would definitely stay at this hotel again. We paid about 300 euros a night for the room ( directly booked, but don't forget, you are on the canal and nothing is cheap in Venice). Going to the cruise ship, we shared a taxi with another couple we met a the hotel and then it was cheaper. Ask the desk if someone would need to also go to the ship. We paid 40 euros instead of 80 and it was well worth it. It is farther than you think to the cruise terminal if you have 2 suitcases a piece and dragging them over many steps on bridges. Have fun! ","annotations":[]}