{"text":"Outstanding service in the most beautiful of cities I would like to preface this comment by stating that I travel extensively for business and for leisure. When I book my travel, I always aim for safety, cleanliness, and accessibility. If I am lucky, good service will come along with the other criteria. At El Convento, I found everything except good service. Instead, I found OUTSTANDING SERVICE.There are very few places for which I will actually take the time to sit down and write a review, in fact, this is the second attempt since the first review did not upload. But because I feel so strongly about my wonderful experiences at El Convento, I am determined to get my review posted.I have always been treated like royalty at this hotel but never more so than the time when I required extensive assistance due to travelling while recovering from surgery to repair a broken ankle. I could not have travelled had I not been coming to El Convento to stay.I was helped in every imaginable manner by ALL of the hotel staff. A shower chair was placed in my room, a chair with wheels was immediately sent to my room so I could manage better in the room (I did not want a wheelchair) extra pillows to elevate the leg at night were always brought in, extra blankets, ice for my ice bag, as well as extra water and coffee. Oh, and they scanned the room to anticipate possible problems for me and then determined that they would remove all the area rugs and move the furniture to insure my safety.During the nightly wine reception, the managers would place an extra chair for my leg, sit me down and would proceed to bring me my favorite wine, a plate with a generous serving from their extensive selection of cheese and crackers, and a bundle of grapes to top the plate.As I progressed from being in a boot with two crutches to being able to walk unassisted (a period of over four months) they celebrated with me and applauded me as I would show off my steps. They all went above and beyond the call of duty. Truly, if you are looking for a place with top notch service, nestled in the most beautiful of cities, there is no better place to go to than the El Convento Hotel in Old San Juan. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1317,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1311}]}