{"text":"I would rather stay at the Bates Motel! I went on a business trip for what was origanally to be for three days. We called and spoke with the manager prior to booking to ask if a company issued check would be accepted upon arrival and he assured us it would be fine. When we arrived we had to get a cab since the shuttle never showed up. When check in began they informed us they were sorry but they would not accept the check. I asked to speak with the person whom we originally spoke with and he came to the counter. He denied ever speaking with anyone from our company and refused to accept the check. He asked me to pay the $300.00 per night, yes that's right PER NIGHT on my credit card. While we were trying to come with a better solution seveal airline employees who had just checked in came to the counter very upset due to the fact their rooms had not been turned yet from the former guests. The hotel's response to that was  well sir you do understand we have another contract with other airline carriers besides you. I could not believe it. I thought the pilot was going to come unglued.Finally after an hour and a half ( at 3:00am) the manager finally asked us to go to our room and he would work it out in the morning. When I woke up the next morning and looked at my pillow in the light I was disgusted to find mold all over my pillow. When I showed it to the desk clerk her response was  so would you like a new one? You think?? I asked again what the status of my room situation was and of course she did not know and the manager was gone. I was attending a seminar held near the lobby so I kept checking all day and was basically blown off. At one point while speaking with one of the clerks I mentioned I was from the Detroit area and he proceeded to tell me he used to live in Detroit but had to move due to the fact he did not like black people and too many lived there.That was it for us we immediately checked out. They of course charged me the 300.00 for the $79.00 at best, room we were in. When I asked for some sort of discount for all of our problems They agreed to take $60.00 off but then claimed they couldn't since we were already receiving a discount. I am not sure what discount they mean since our room was a standard double with 1970's decor and we were charged $300.00. We walked across the parking lot to another hotel which the room was identical and paid $100.00. ","annotations":[]}