{"text":"Disgusting Is Too Kind We have just returned from a short visit to San Francisco. Because of the short time there ( 2 nights), we decided to stay close to the airport.On arrival, we were astonished to find that the lobby area was packed with literally hundreds of people attending a wedding in one of the hotels function rooms. Clearly the room was too small to hold them all as the hotel had even set up a makeshift bar in the main lobby. Considerate to the wedding guests, but as it effectively blocked access to the elevator for guest room access, a little short sighted and candidly dangerous.The hotel manager clearly thought it would be clever to overbook the function room with no thought for the comfort or convenience of guests staying at the hotel.The noise from the bar and function room went on until almost 3.00 AM and was clearly audible in our room. It was only the eventual intervention of the San Francisco police that brought an end to the shouting, screaming, singing and generally drunken antics of the party revellers that the hotel had encouraged to drink to excess ( no doubt the additional revenue was too tempting).On our second , and thankfully final night, we found that the hotel had deliberately cancelled our key cards, thus denying us access to the elevator or room. After a long wait, we finally managed to persuade a very grumpy member of staff to allow us to get into our room. Joy of all joys, the room had not been made up but our possessions had been tampered with and many personal possessions moved.When I asked the front desk to explain what was happening, I was told that my prepaid accomodation voucher was valid only for one night. I disagreed and told the duty manager it was for 2 nights and if he cared to look at it this would resolve the situation and I and my very distraught fiance could go to bed and make upfor the previous night's lost sleep.Sadly life is not that easy when you deal with Holiday Inn. The voucher which I had surrendered on check in was now locked in a safe and only the operations manager had a key. I suggested that someone call him . Shock, Horror. The Operations Manager is far too important to be bothered by a mere guest wanting to get into the room he had booked and already paid for.After several hours more wrangling , we were given a new room and told we would have to pay for it in the morning.The following morning , when the voucher was finally revealed, guess what, it was for 2 nights.A grudging, half hearted and wholly insincere apology was offered and a refund on one nights accomodation.What about the famous Holiday Inn Hospitality Promise ' If you are not satisfied with any part of your stay you will not have to pay for it'.I am still waiting for the Operations Manager to give me a response.Take my advice - Promises are made to be broken Especially when they are made by Holiday Inn. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":711,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":704}]}