{"text":"4th and last time! Last week I stayed at this resort, party of 2. We had platinum service. This was my 4th visit in 3 years to this resort, all of which were either Platinum, or the previous VIP program.The Vacation was through AC Vacations, and the flight down from Toronto was excellent. We were bumped up to Business Class for free at the gate, and the flight was on time.We arrived at the resort at around 11am, and after waiting for one of the golf carts that ferries guests around for 10 minutes in order to go check in at the platinum lounge, we have up and walked to it -- since we are familiar with the resort. When we got to the lounge, we were the first to check in from our arriving group, suggesting the golf cart transportation had still not arrived. Perhaps not suprisingly, our room wouldn't be ready until 3PM, the stated check in time. That's fine...we just went to lunch and waited around. When we went back at 3, they told up 3:30. More waiting, and more waiting ensued until 4:30, when we were given our room. Why wasn't my room ready? Well, my room wasn't ready because the guest in there before just didn't check out. I was comforted by the desk agent by him telling me that they had charged the guest $40 dollars for our inconvenience. Of course, we weren't given the $40 bucks, or really anything for that matter other than shrugged shoulders.The room was ideally situated, close to the pool, beach and lounge...but the A\/C hardly worked, and the water pressure all week was terrible. We got fed up with the A\/C on the second day, and they moved us up to an Ocean view suite which also had bad A\/C, no water pressure, no hot water except at times that you don't need it (like 2PM). I complained a few times, but eventually gave up -- not worth the effort, as the management was pretty apathetic.We met two other couples who had the same problems in Platinum. In fact, one couple was given a non-platinum suite and the only compensation offered was an extra 20 min massage...and that was after a lot of effort going through the AC Vacations rep.Food: The only things I had all week that were good was Steak at El Gaucho, Pasta at the pasta station in the Hispaniola buffet, and boiled eggs by the beach in the morning. My partner actually picked up some rotten pineapple at one of the buffets, which was less than appetizing to her. The food here has REALLY went downhill. The worst was El Pescador, the fish restaurant. Everything was cold, and tasted bad. Luckily, a guest services manager was hovering around in that restaurant and intercepted me as I was leaving. This was the ONLY positive experience I had with management, as she apologized and immediately had us seated at El Gaucho. This resort needs more of that kind of management.Beach: Excellent, although many of the chaise loungers were broken. Sea was just marvelous.Pool: Dirty. It was painted white, and you could see yellow slime on the sides of the pool. Otherwise, the pool was good. The pool bar was often understaffed -- one guy trying his darnedest to serve a full bar of people. A couple of the days they put 2 guys on and it was better.Casino: That was OK, had fun at $10 Blackjack, but the A\/C there was a bit weak too.Excursions: (This has nothing to do with the Hotel, by the way) We did the Saona excursion, and it was bad. It is a long bus ride, then you go out on speed boats...which was very fun. They take you to a natural pool in the ocean and feed you drinks, then back into the boat for a ride over to Saona, which is supposedly an unspoiled beach. What we got was an unspoiled beach that was set up with relentless dominican craft vendors, where we had to spend 3 hours. After that, we had a wonderful sail for 1.5 hrs in a tropical storm, then a bus ride to Punta Cana with a stop in Higuey -- actually, they dumped us at a tourist place where we could buy rum and paintings at american prices.The highlight of the trip was coming home. From now on, my home in the D.R. will be the Paradisus Palma Real where we went at Christmas. It is more expensive, but at the same time you do get something for your money. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2150,"mention":"Pasta","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pasta"],"startOffset":2145},{"endOffset":2163,"mention":"pasta","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pasta"],"startOffset":2158}]}