{"text":"Incredibly rude! The people working at the Hotel Oom are unbelievably obnoxious! We stayed there for five nights the first week in May, 2007 for 375 Euros a night. They were so rude, that it was almost funny. For what we paid, we were extremely disappointed and would definitely not recommend this hotel. No doubt the location is excellent and the place itself looks hip. It is, however, painfully self-conscious and trying too hard to be cool. The hallways to the rooms are so dark, it's almost physically dangerous. The rooms are minimalist, sleek and airy. There is no storage space for your clothes, which makes it impossible to unpack. The only two drawers are in the bathroom counter! The room lighting design is poor to say the least. The dimmers that are trying to be hip are difficult to use and annoying.The people at the front desk are the most rude. We went to check in and there was only one person working (and a few other unhelpful people doing who knows what). Even though we were next on line, and even though we were told that our room was ready, we were asked to wait on the couches until everyone else was helped with their check-out. It took about 15 minutes and it was extremely annoying and unnecessary.Walking in and out of the hotel, no one greets you or even makes eye contact. They go out of their way to ignore you and seem to enjoy being rude when possible. There are people stationed at the front doors, but no one opens up a taxi door or bothers to help you with bags or anything. It's incredible!There is no concierge and when we called the front desk to ask about reservations at restaurants around town, they either hung up or connected us to their restaurant (after we made it clear that we were interested in places outside of the hotel). When we asked about the spa, we were rudely brushed off and connected to some recording. We were there over May 1 (national holiday) and they couldn't even tell us what in town was open or closed (turns out all Gaudi sites were indeed open). We were given complementary water and little chocolates only three of our five nights (they must have forgotten our first two nights). We were given a card for complementary newspaper delivery which they either didn't bring (until we called and complained) and even then they didn't bring the NY Times as promised, but the Washington Times. How odd.The pool deck was closed and under construction! It's tiny, but through the construction barricade, it was a great view of the roof of Gaudi's Casa Mila\/La Pedrera which would have been stunning.Apparently this is run by a company that does restaurants. We had the tasting menu at the hotel restaurant (called Moo) and it was great- both food and service. We also had lunch at their restaurant in Santa Catarina market and that was great, too. I guess the owners have the restaurant thing down but are certainly lacking in their hotel management skills.As I said to my boyfriend, I would have complianed to someone in person, but the service is so lacking that there isn't even anyone around to complian to!Barcelona is so wonderful that the hotel didn't ruin the stay- and it became a source of jokes. But I hope to either get the message across to the owners and\/or discourage anyone else from giving these people their money, because they don't deserve it. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2072,"mention":"chocolates","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":2062}]}