{"text":"The real Ritz Carlton San Juan Greetings to all, I worked at this Ritz Carlton a few years back and can really tell you about this hotel. This by far is the BEST hotel in Puerto Rico. I see many great reviews and some that dont really depict the greatness of this porperty. First, if you book thru a bargain web-site, do NOT expect the best room... but you can always count on the BEST service there is. The coqui's you hear on the gardens of the hotel are not a recording! All the staff, and staffing to guest ratio is well above industry standards, are there to help you so you dont have to lift a finger during you stay. Restaurants depict local tastes for guests to enjoy the culinary delights of Puerto Rico. If you have any special dietary needs, just ask the Concierge or anyone at any of the restaurants and they will make custom made cuisine for you!!There is a HUGE variety of dinning and entertainement choises in this porperty, the spa has the best products and staff you will find in Puerto Rico. And, I say this because as Concierge, Ive tried and been to them all! Housekeeping is there for you!! If you have any requests I recommend you leave a note on the bed or somewhere visible and the staff will try everything in their power to make it come true!! Celebrating a special date? Tell the Concierge or Guest Relations staff.. they will make your ocation is a memorable one. Arriving early? Call ahead and ask for the Front Desk, they will try to accomodate your early arrival as well as they can. Remember, this is not a huge resort, so sometimes it is better to wait for that better room to be available, and, also remember that a room to be cleaned to Ritz-Carlton standards takes from 45 min to 1 hour and a half!! But it is well worth the wait!! Check in your luggage, give your cell phone number to the front desk, walk around the beautiful gardens, have a drink at the Ocean Bar and Grill right in front of the ocean, walk around the beach, rest assured that as soon as your room is ready they will call you.Dont know about the area? Go to the Concierge desk, they will give you all the information you need! Including taxi rates. Taxi rates are pre-set in most areas by law and cannot be changed, make sure you consult the rate with your Concierge and stick to it. Call ahead if you are going to visit on high season! Ask for the Concierge and stay on the line untill you get them! It is well worth talking to them, Give them your email, fax or number, they will send you information about everything. Once you know where you would like to go, make reservations in advance, remember that everyone wants to eat at 8 or 8:30 and most of the better restaurants are not that big.I hope this is of help to you. I do miss that property and everytime I visit Puerto Rico this is the only place you will find me. Oh, and by the way, inkeeping with Ritz Carlton standards, It was my pleasure! Enjoy your trip and remember, for business or pleasure, at the Ritz-Carlton San Juan, you are on vacation. ","annotations":[]}