{"text":"Ok, But !!!!!!! We stayed at The Grand Bahia Principe Punta Cana Feb, 19-26th. We were a group of 4 adults 40-45 years of age. We enjoyed our stay thoroughly. The resort is very well taken care of and comes as advertised as in most of these reviews. We had ala carte at the Japanese, French, and Garden Grill (steak). All were excellant with the Japanese being my favorite. The buffet had a good selection, but most of the items were repeated every night. But, we never went away wanting more. The rooms were well taken care of, and we never had any problems with the maid service. Resort and Beach:This is a large resort and the shuttles are a plus to get around especially for handicap and older individuals. We have stayed at several of other resorts over the last 15 years. I rate this one as average and is inline with the 5 apple rating due to the services they offer. It is also inline with the Iberostar and a little better than the Catalonia. Both of which we have stayed at. The beach is very nice, but crowded. It seems the trend in the Dominican is to go to these super sized mega roomed resorts. To this resorts credit, Bahia does a great job of handling the operations needed to serve such a great deal of people. Also, the bar service was excellant at all areas.PoolsAt all the pools expect to have alot of children running around. It's fine if that is what you are expecting. Also, it does seem that some parents let their parenting skills go on vacation also when at these resorts. I guess my point is that If you want solitude then you most likely will not find it at the pools. AirportNo problems here. Transfers were fast and easy. All in all we had a great time. We booked this vacation through [--]. For the price we paid it was worth dealing with some of the issues I discussed above. Though some people we met paid twice as much and that definitely would not have been worth it.For the same price we would probably go back, but if I had a choice between this one and smaller similar resort. I would go smaller. No doubt. If you have any questions please e-mail me. raybi@raex.com ","annotations":[]}