{"text":"A little rough around a few edges My family and I stayed in two connecting rooms on the 8th floor for two nights. One of the toilets didn't work and it took several calls to the maintenance department to get somebody to fix it. In the other room, one of the air conditioning vents made a loud whistling sound that never seemed to go away. (We wound up covering it with a pillow to block out the noise.) Some of the upholstery and drapes looked a little old and out of date. Having said that, our stay here was a pretty positive experience. The doormen's hospitality is legendary and has been noted here by a previous reviewer. For a Fairmont, the lobby is a little plain but it was certainly nice. We hired a car and driver through the concierge and that worked flawlessly. Several things that really stood out: all of the hotel staff are super friendly and very polite. They remember your name and refer to you personally, which is a very nice touch. Also, when you have room service delivered you don't have to go through the motions of signing the check. It's folded in an envelope on the room service tray. The workout area is first class. I think every machine had a TV screen. The pool though, was way too shallow. If you're going to offer a lap pool, make it deeper than 3 feet! The hot tub was nice but a few more jets would have made it better. We invited a guest for Sunday brunch and wound up being seated at a table for five stuffed in a corner right next to the door where the waiters kept coming and going through. The Georgian room is a spectacular restaurant visually and we would have preferred being in the middle of it instead of being stuck off in a corner. The restaurant manager comped us some fruit trays the next morning after we complained. But other than a few wrinkles, our stay was pleasant and pleasurable. If you stay here, remember to bring your wallet because it's expensive. But after all, it is a luxury hotel in the middle of downtown Seattle. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":944,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":940}]}