{"text":"A good value for the money This hotel is located in the western part of the city, two blocks south of Adenauer Platz on the Kudamm. The hotel's proximity to the bus and subway lines was a real plus. Our room was small, but this was made up for by other amenities such as the recently remodelled bathroom and generous closet space. We stayed in November and the room temperature was quite satisfactory. The reception area was brightly lit and the breakfast room was easy to find on the first floor of the hotel. There was free internet service available near the lobby area. Although the broadband connection was a bit slow, at least there was internet service available and we rarely had to wait in line to use it. The breakfast was served at 7 AM, which was a plus since we had a busy schedule planned each day. There was a plentiful variety of food and an excellent choice of beverages. The morning receptionist was quite helpful and she was familiar with our name right away from the reservation list when we checked in the first day. We were able to check into our room by 10 AM, which was an unexpected plus. The evening guest clerk wasn't as friendly and felt compelled to correct any mispronunciations of our broken German. We would definitely stay at this hotel again based on the value for the money and the excellent location.A bit of quick advice on the bus service: You can buy your tickets in the subway station at Adenauer Platz. Use bus #109 which will take you a mile or two east to the Zoologischer Garten (Zoological Garden) transportation hub where you can get off and catch a bus or use the above ground S-Bahn rail system to travel practically anywhere in the city. Bus #100 takes you to most of the popular sites such as the Reichstag and the Brandenburg Gate. Bus line #200 takes you to the Potsdamer Platz area and other sites to the south. There are plenty of free maps available that show the bus, subway and rail routes. A Tageskarte (one day ticket) works for all three transportation services. ","annotations":[]}