{"text":"LTI resort Punta Cana We got back yesterday from LTI beach resort. We went there on our honeymoon. I read reviews before I went there and I see that lots of them were true.CHECK IN- It went smoothly. I mentioned to the receptionist that I want room in building 5 and I got it but I think we would get that room in any case because there was a welcome letter in which our lastname was mentioned. ROOM-We were in the room 5202. Room is average. It was very clean, AC was on and fruit and rume were served on a small table. Furniture is very old and it needs urgent renovation because it smells strange. AC was leaking in two places and one of them was closet so we couldn't use that one. WC toilet worked strangly so we had to call somebody to fix it. They immediately came but after that we also had problems with it. Nobody came to fix AC.You have to know that this hotel takes care of appearance and looks wonderfull outside but inside everything is old. AC in the room has 3 different speeds but you can't see the difference between them.My husband got sick and had a flue cuz of AC. Bathroom had a glass doors!!!You couln't have no privacy. The part of bathroom were toilet was was so claustrophobic.GROUNDS- Grounds are wonderfull. Everything is full of different kinds of plants. All day we could see workers taking care of plants. What a pitty,they didn't do that for the rooms!ANIMATION- Animation team worked hard but I think that animation team wasn't well prepared for their role. For example, we went on a dance course and really wanted to learn merengue but animation was dancing so fast, they didn't show us steps slowly so we stopped going there. Each night there was a show at 9:30 p.m. We liked shows like :MR. LTI , Ideal couple and International show. All the others were boring and they repeated. ( We were there for 14 days).WAITERS- Some waiters are really rude and they just wait for the tipp.(Even if they don't deserve it!) When you don't give them tipp, they ignore you entire next day. Once waiter just passed by our table and pretended he doesn't see us and didn't want to bring us coffee. ( That was in the main restaurant El Mirador in section number 3.) I know that people there are poor but I also heard that those who work in hotels have 250- 300 dollars salary which is great for their country and they are richer than rest of the nation. Waiters in a la carte restaurant Estrella Del Mar were great. Remember!!! Tipping is very important in this hotel !SEA\/ BEACH- I didn't like the sea because it was full of seagrass. Beach was great. We allways had our place under the sunshade.FOOD- Food is average. They have different kinds of dishes each day but menu doesn't change. Vegetables were not cooked well. I ate pasta or perch fillet with riceall the time. It was great. I loved Pina Coladas. I didn't like weekends cuz then a big group of Dominicans comes to this hotel. Some of them behaved awfull in the restaurant, they touched food with hands...They were very loud.I hope that managment of this hotel reads reviews and that they will improve some things in this hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2115,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2109},{"endOffset":2752,"mention":"pasta","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pasta"],"startOffset":2747}]}