{"text":"Great Family Vacation I spent a great deal of time planning this vacation for my family. We have 3 small children ages 5,3,and 1 and it was important to find a resort that would accommodate us. After reading many of the reviews that were posted I was very nervous and up until a few days before our trip I was considering changing hotels. Here is my honest review of the resort.Booking the Trip: I went directly to the resort's website solmelia.com and I got the best deal through them. I saved a lot of money this way.Accommodations: We orginally booked a family jr. suite however when we arrived we upgraded to the Royal Service and it was the BEST decision we could have made. We arrived to the resort around 1 pm on a Tues. and there were not many people checking in. Therefore, there was not the long wait that everyone complained about. Once we decided to upgrade we were taken to the VIP lounge. In comparing the two areas of the resort I will say that the Royal Service was a 5 star where the other side of the resort is more like a Holiday Inn. Staying at the Royal Service was like paradise. We received impeccable service from everyone. It was only a 5 minute walk to the beach and we had 24 hr. access to transportation if we chose not to walk. The rooms were beautiful. We were in a one bedroom master suite, building #49. The R.S. provided us with 24 hr. room service, butler service( our butler prepared our jacuzzi and brought us a bottle of champagne) pillow menu,private beach. It was well worth every extra penny.Food\/Drinks: The Gabi restuarant and snack bar at the R.S. were wonderful. We NEVER had a problem making reservations for the other restuarants as long as we called in the a.m the day before. Here is where we ate:Capri: Great seafood Japanese: Also great food, restuarant a bit warmDominican: Best food and air conditioning (we ate here twice)International: not too good, poor serviceThe best advice was to buy Bubba Kegs. It kept our drinks cold throughout the day. Flinstones Kids Camp: Great place for the kids. We dropped all three off for about 1 1\/2 hrs. in the afternoon and they enjoyed playing with other children and also appreciated a break from the sun. My husband and I also enjoyed a little R  R.Activities: I didn't really see many activities going on. I'm not sure if it was because we were busy with the kids or if they really just didn't have much going on. We did go snorkling one morning $27 pp. It was worth the trip. Book it through the hut on the beach and avoid the counter in the lobby where someone was offering us the same excursion for triple the price.Entertainmnet: The shows were not that exciting. This is an area that could use improvement.Overall, we had a great time. I speak spanish therefore communicating wasn't a problem. However, I found that many of the staff members spoke english. I would highly recommend staying at the R.S. ","annotations":[]}