{"text":"Great Location, a little pricey Just got back from a 3 night stay at the Westin. Had a 3 for the price of 2 nights deal, making it more reasonably priced. Check in was fairly swift, though my request for a higher up room was not met, got one of the lowest possible, for a corner deluxe, and no possibility of a later checkout as they were full. Staff not too chatty, but they did their job.So, up to my room on the 25th floor. Lifts fairly quick and throughout my time there, no issues with having to wait too long, which can be a pain at some hotels, though possibly this was due to the lack of theatre traffic at peak times because of the strike?Great location, especially if you are getting the airport bus, as the port authority bus station is just across the road.Not so sure about security. There's an entrance on 42nd which is completely unmanned, though it's only open till 11pm I think, after which you have to show your card at the main entrance (not that any one ever asked me) though didn't have any problems or see any issues with this myself.Internet access a rip off at $15 for 24 hours, but at least it's not for noon-noon, which is more of a con. I guess people pay it so there's no incentive to provide it free.Having read about the noise from the toilets, I wondered how bad it could really be, and yes, it's incredibly noisy. You can hear the other toilets nearby flushing which is a pain especially when you are trying to sleep. Heard no noise from the neighbours though, just their constant flushing!My main gripe about hotels seems to be the curtains. The Westin didn't let me down. They have blinds, and then a flimsy curtain as well. I do like blackout curtains when I go away, so I can sleep until I wake up naturally, not when the sun shines in the room and wakes me up.No shower gel in the bathroom, just soap, which was the only thing missing from there, but everything else provided, and the room had an iron and board too. Stocked up bar, but I never use them, would prefer an empty fridge.Overall, it's a nice business hotel and handy for tourists, but not sure I'd stay again if I was paying, unless I got a great rate. Can't be beat for location though, great for Times Square and the Theatre district. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2041,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2037}]}