{"text":"Wonderful-Excellente Just returned from our trip to Excellence and I'm not sure what everyone is complaining about. If you didn't have a great time or thought the food was awful then you don't know how to enjoy things. You are always going to have things that come up on a vacation but you make the most of it and get on with enjoying life. We had a great time October 11-18th. First of all, get over the trip from the airport to the hotel. Yeah it is 1 hour, the roads are not as bad as everyone says, when you live in the Midwest like me, after a rough winter the potholes are worse than the roads in the DR and the drivers know where the problems are and do their best to avoid them. We asked the driver to stop and get beer and he was more than willing to do so and it made the ride fun. Get to know the people on the ride with you and it makes it easier. Check in was quick, and painless. The rooms are more than adequate and very clean, as are the grounds. The staff was always willing to accomodate our needs. We did have a problem with the air conditioning in the room but the staff was their to work on it and was willing to switch our rooms if it wasn't to our satisfaction. Remember it is very hot and no matter how hard the air works, it is not going to be cold in the room and it is still very humid in the rooms. One thing also is the flowers in the room are a nice touch daily but they are why the ants are in the room. Remove the fresh cut flowers around the sinks immediately and you won't have problems with the ants. We did not have to use bug spray at all. They fog the grounds in the evening daily and we got maybe one bug bite the entire 7 days. Never had to wait more than 10 minutes for seating at dinner in any locations. We did have a waiter accidently spill on my husband at dinner but the resort paid for laundry service without hesitations. There is always something to do or eat if you so choose to. Those who find things to really complain about need to learn to relax and enjoy what they have.The shows are really not professional quality but they are entertaining and if you don't want to watch leave and find something else to do. This was a great trip and we meet lots of fun and interesting people.. I would go back to Excellence again maybe not to Punta Cana but to other resorts they offer. We have already contacted our agent for quotes. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1379,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1375}]}