{"text":"Loved Hotel, but hate Thomas Cook! Just came back from Dreams Punta Cana. Loved the hotel and the staff were great, well all apart from Miserable Raul at the pool bar (he shouted at me when he didn't understand what I wanted, and laughed at us when we said we were leaving the next day). The choice of food and restaurants are excellent, although you need to get a table before 7pm, if you don't want to wait an hour or two to be seated. We waited 2 hours for Oceana one night and 1 hour 20 for the Sea Side Grill another night. Not much shopping in the area of the resort, so don't go there hoping to shop. I loved the hotel, but the real dissapointment and what really spoilt the holiday was Thomas Cook. 15 kilos baggage alloance is no where near enough. The inflight entertainment service did not work on my row, so my 5 year old son could not watch the films on a 9 hour flight(we were offered 1 free drink as compensation. My mother pre-ordered champaign before the departure date, which I had to ask for 4 time (in the end I went up to the back of the plane to get it myself. One of the stewardesses ignored me for 5 or so minutes, then served me, but when it came to one of the other people in my group, she was very rude and abruptly said she had things to do as well. My suitcase was half empty going out and the same on the way back (as I said there was not much in the way of shopping), they were going to charge us $96 coming home for 5 kilos over our 45 kilo alloance (there were 3 of us in my group). We just squeezed more clothes into our hand luggage. There was also no communication between Thomas Cook and the hotel, which ruined my sisters 2 week stay and wedding. They were promised a free upgrade to the honeymoon suite as there was so many of us going (22, 9 rooms booked), but on arrived, they were told they would have to pay an extra $100 per night for the honeymoon suite, and instead squeezed them into a cramped room two floors up, where they would have to carry a pushchair up and down the flight of staires everyday, (no lifts). We paid extra for pool views, which we did not have and my mother requested a ground floor room as she has very bad knees, but she was next to my sister two floors up. I would reccommend the hotel, but deffinately not Thomas Cook. If you have booked with them already, travel lightly and don't expect to get anything you've paid extra for, requested or been promised! ","annotations":[]}