{"text":"Very Good but not great I just returned from an 8 night trip to the Ritz and had a wonderful vacation. That said there were positives and negatives.The property is very nice, beautiful grounds. the beach is OK- it is not the crystal clear waters you expect in the Carribean, but the water is warm, and the beach is swimable. The rooms are nice- very comfortable. The bed is amazing, and the tv is great, plus plenty of drawer space. While the bathroom is very clean, it has the standard tub\/shower together. Unfortunately not many balconies, so that is definitely a downer. we had a pool\/ocean view, but really wished there had been a balcony. Maid service was great. I spent my time at the beach, and the service at the beach was outstanding. plenty of chairs, but it was windy. Not so windy that you couldn't lay out - of our 8 days only 1 day had much rain, and I spent every day on the beach and didn't mind the wind- it kept you cool. the food was good, and I didn't feel the prices were steep. Resort food is expensive anywhere you go whether it's a Ritz or a Westin, and I felt the prices to be pretty standard. Il Mulino was amazing. Absolutely fantastic. While normally I love BLT, I was very disappointed to get a well done steak. Also, the service was pretty bad, so by the time they got around to asking me how it was, we had eaten all of the sides (they were delicious, as was the wine) and I didn't want to wait for another one. They didn't charge me for the steak, but again I came there with high expectations and was really disappointed. The concierge lost my friend's spa appointmet, but fortunately she was planning to cancel it. We had a major problem with the tour desk. Extremely unhelpful and getting conflicting information. Note that the tour desk is outsourced by Castillo tours, so if you are having problems with them, just go to the concierge and ask for help, a mistake we made too late, and unfortunately resulted in us not going to Culebria as we had hoped. Kamil the tennis pro is fantastic! If you are thinking about doing a lesson or a clinic- book it! He was so much fun and gave me a great workout. All in all it was a great trip. We met really friendly, interesting people. very relaxing trip. Its so easy- quick flight, no customs or passport, so I would recommend this for a quick getaway. However, it doesn't have the ultra luxurious feel you get from other Ritz's, so I wouldn't recommend this for honeymooners. I liked that it was close to the airport- I was listening to the waves and the wind rustling the palm trees, and wasn't bothered at all by the occasional plane landing. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1189,"mention":"BLT","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/BLT"],"startOffset":1186}]}