{"text":"Not all apartments have good views! After reading many reviews on this website and doing a bit of other research, I went ahead and booked a two bedroom apartment at the World Tower (I booked directly with the hotel). I was under the impression from my reading, that 2  3 bedroom apartments were all on floors higher than 61 and assumed we would have the spectacular views described by other reviewers - not the case! We were given an apartment on floor 58 which sounded promising enough...but upon entering the room we were greeted with an excellent view into the office block opposite (I'm talking just metres away, not somewhere over the road!) - it was like being in a fishbowl, no privacy whatsoever. We would have had to pull the shades for the whole stay. The thought of a week in this room on full display to whoever was looking was not a good one - we asked at reception if we could please be moved. Quite a lot of other people were at reception also asking to be moved for similar reasons. After a bit of a wait we were able to move to another apartment on floor 35 but on the other side of the building, in a corner room. The views are still largely of other buildings but not right in your face like the first apartment. However, I am still disappointed that we were not able to stay on the really high floors that others have raved about. So, just be aware that booking a 2 or 3 bedroom apartment does not guarantee a higher floor! I have since checked some of the online hotel booking websites and they seem to guarantee a high floor - booking direct with the hotel definitely does not. You'd need to be on floor 61 or above to clear the tops of other buildings, particularly if you are in a room on the side facing the Ernst  Young tower.Apart from that particular disappointment, the apartment is good for a family. We have found the staff to all be OK (not enough of them for the volume of people they have to deal with) and no problems with waiting for lifts at all. The location is great. No party or neighbours noise but there is a bit of annoying traffic noise in the bedrooms (at this level anyway) - not super loud, but irritating. The air conditioners are set to go off on a timer every four hours; ours seems to go off only once every 24 hours - the place gets really stuffy and hot without air con - if it was going off every 4 hours I'd be getting pretty annoyed. The apartment at this level has a balcony that is half enclosed like an atrium, and then an outdoor area which is too noisy to want to sit out on, but handy for checking the outside temperature before venturing out for the day. It's actually a better layout than the higher floor apartment we first had, which had only an enclosed balcony and thin white shades which would have let in heaps of light - no sleeping in! There are proper sunblock drapes in the bedrooms of this apartment.If I did stay here again, I would make sure to guarantee a higher floor or to ask for one on the city side of the building - the room we are in now is OK, I'd be happy enough to get the same apartment - but a higher one would have been far better! ","annotations":[]}