{"text":"Almost Perfect For anyone visiting London and wishing to stay central and worried about being reipped off by overpriced hotels for poor quality and service then this is the answer. Having booked on their own website (which gives rates as competitive as anywhere else) we arrived for the pre-arranged early arrival as requested (our flight landed at 0630 AM) and everything was ready exactly as we had requested. Throughout the whole stay whenever we asked for anything or were promised something it arrived or happened exactly as we wished. All of the staff were excellent throughout.The room itself although fairly small by some international standards but was clean, tidy, and well equipped. The imac system, plus the wifi for laptops, meant that both my wife and I could use computers or watch TV simultaneously \/ independantly as we wished. This is the best feature of it's kind I have seen in any hotel especially as it is all included in the room rate.The matress on the bed was also one of the best we have experienced. We loved it so much we are thinking of buying one of the same brand for home.Breakfast buffet was to the standard expected for this hotel, again with superb service and the bar\/lounge on the first floor was a good way to finish off any evening. Apart from everything else this hotel also had the advantage of on-site parking (which is a rarity in Central London hotels). Not only that they were very relaxed about us leaving the car in their coach park, whichever was most convenient, or even arriving back in the early hours of the morning. As with everything else, nothing was too much trouble.Apart from that, when we came to pay, there was no extras sneaked in as so many hotels like to try on (early arrival \/ late departure, spurious bar bills etc.) and like everyting else in the City Inn, was a simple process with no debate.All in all a superbly run hotel right in the centre of London by Lambeth Bridge for both business and leisure travellers alike.... And the reason for Nearly Perfect title? Well, if only it could get an underground station a little closer to the front door! ","annotations":[]}