{"text":"Good product - would need better staff I book directly from the chain website and got a decent price for the period. Since I was travelling with my business partner, I booked a twin-bedded room. For those who are not familiar with that, it means that the rooms has two separate beds, each one for 1 person.On arrival, we have been allocated a room, nothing was said. We went up to the room and discovered the room only had one large bed and that there was no possibility at all to get two beds. Sometimes this is in fact two mattress with a zip between.I went down to the reception and got several consecutive bad answers. First one was twin room does not mean two beds, it means two persons. I answered that I had been working in hospitality + have been travelling over the world and that they were lying to me. 2nd answer: we never confirmed a twin room, it was just a preference. I had to switch on my laptop and got the confirmation where it was written twin room confirmed3rd answer: we have no twin room. That's it and you'll change tomorrow.Then I said that if I was her, I would first apologize for my mistake and that second I would check and check again every other reservation and find a solution. I would at least look embarassed. She was not at all and I was just bothering her. From there, I did ask to check name by name the next arrivals until we could find a single person having a twin room. While doing that, the guy next to me was alone and was checking in a twin room. I asked him to switch and he kindly accepted.The girl there was on duty, she refused to call a manager, she refused to call anyone else, she refused to book me a room in another hotel and she did not express any interest about my situation. She has no understanding of her guest needs and she lies.Otherwise the hotel was good, good value, good breakfast, good location, good room size for Berlin. The bar was okay.Bad point: wireless access only worked in the bar, which means we were about 12\/15 people at same time in the abr, not for drinking but simply for working ","annotations":[]}