{"text":"Good, but is definitely 3-star accomodation. My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Atlantico over new year 2008, whilst visiting friends. We picked it because the reviews on tripadvisor were good and it has an EXCELLENT location. If this is your first time to Madrid you could do a lot worse than pick here. It is about 20 yards from Callao metro station, and has a huge sign that you can see from the other end of Gran Via should be lost after a night in the tapas bars!I also picked it because it was listed by Hotels.com as 4 stars. It however is not, it is only 3 stars. Therefore my expectations were a lot higher than what was present. The reception staff, all male and slightly intimidating, were in reality quite pleasant, and the hotel has a beautiful exterior. Our room was on the fourth floor, to the rear of the property. Because we were to the rear there was practically no natural sunlight coming into the room (we looked onto an internal courtyard, rather than a street). A upside was no street noise, however the cleaners cupboard was directly across from us, and they seem to have a habit of bringing their children to work and letting them run around making noise! Also they did seem to enjoy a good gossip outside our room, which did disturb many an afternoon siesta.The room was also very small, much smaller than the ones in the pictures on the website. and our bathroom, whilst clean and well-maintained, was garishly decorated with deep blue, which was an affront to the eyes.But we have to be fair, some things were good. Your own slippers and bathrobe is usually unheard of in a 3 star hotel, as is chocolates on your pillows every day, but the hotel atlantico has them. Also the cleaners did an excellent job dealing with the state of our room after we stumbled out after a long night on the sangria! We didn't take breakfast although 9 euros is not too bad a cost if you're desperate (though there are plentiful cafes nearby). The staff were very helpful when we asked for recommendations and they organised our transport to the airport for us. Also if you depart during the day, there's a airport bus which costs 6 euros which picks you up from the hotel. When we left at 5am, we had to get a taxi which cost 40 euros, so if you get cheap flights in the morning remember to factor in that cost!In conclusion, there are far worse hotels in the world, however at 拢110 a night (albeit over new year) it was not value for money. In my opinion this hotel would be value for money at around 拢70-75 a night, and if you get a deal as such you should snap it up! Also first time travellers will love the location on the Gran Via, about 10 minutes walk from anywhere that is worth seeing in central madrid! We will not be going back, but this is as much due to Madrid's excellent Metro system, which has prompted us to check out hotels on the outskirts for our next trip, as well as a not entirely happy experience. I would like to repeat that our unhappiness is not a reflection on the hotel per se but rather that we believed it was a 4-star when really it was a 3 star, and we we charged 4-star prices for it. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":467,"mention":"tapas","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tapas"],"startOffset":462},{"endOffset":1636,"mention":"chocolates","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":1626}]}