{"text":"Wonderful stay here We really enjoyed our stay here. Before arriving I was a little nervous after reading some of the negative reviews but it didn't take long to feel right at home. These accommodations are by no means perfect but I'm giving it 5 stars because it was my experience that within just a few hours we were able to make this apartment-style hotel room a home away from home. Upon arriving we went to the front desk where Joemar and Aaron helped check us in. They were both incredibly helpful and friendly. In fact, I would say their smiles were contagious. We requested a room facing the pool area and were fortunate enough to get one. We ended up with a room overlooking the pond and spa which turned out to be perfect because it was a little more private and it was right next to the back entrance for easy in and out access. Before raving more about the good I think it's only fair to align any future expectations with the reality of a 2.5 star hotel. When we first walked into our room it's fair to say my roach motel fears didn't vanish immediately. It definitely had an unappealing musty smell. The bedroom floor had a huge iron burn on the carpet (it was literally the full size and shape of the bottom of an iron). Not once did we see any bugs of any kind inside our suite but one of our 7 mornings there we did see a single, but live, roach in the hallway. Housekeeping was pretty good but you should expect to do your own dishes (we left $3 on average for tip each day) and one of the 8 days we were there our bed looked made but the sheets under the comforter had not been touched and were in complete disarray. Now, you are probably asking yourself how I could possibly rate it a 5 after all that but let me explain. First off, never have I made myself so at home at any other hotel I've ever stayed in. By day 2 my friend and I had literally unpacked everything in our suitcases. Shirts and shorts were hanging in the 2 closets, our bathroom amenities were each stowed away in our own separate bathroom mirror cabinets. We stayed in one of the Bedroom Suites. It had a sitting room with two pullouts, a full kitchen, a bedroom and 2 full bathrooms. Since it was just the 2 of us we didn't really need the 2 bathrooms but it certainly ended up being convenient to have all the extra counter and storage space. Once the AC is running a while the smell goes away and you won't think about it again. Since we really did feel at home it didn't bother us when our dishes didn't get cleaned or the one time our sheets weren't perfect. My friend in particular is pretty anal when it comes to cleanliness and other than the initial smell and the partially made bed she had no complaints. The first night we got in we went to the grocery store down the road and filled up our fridge with sandwich stuff, eggs, yogurt, etc. Most of the days we'd get up early, eat breakfast, spend the day out and then come back to the room for dinner on the lanai and then spend the rest of the day walking Waikiki Beach or sitting by the pool. It was a very welcoming and relaxing place to return to after a long day of sightseeing and sunbathing.If we come back we'll definitely be looking up Celebrity Resorts Waikiki again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2812,"mention":"sandwich","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":2804},{"endOffset":2832,"mention":"yogurt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Yogurt"],"startOffset":2826}]}