{"text":"Great Views but Rundown My wife and I went there for a convention and were told wonderful things about this hotel by those who stayed there a few years ago. What a difference a few years make. First we were picked up by the hotel bus and he told us that we usually would have dinks on the bus (for the 1 to 1.5 hours drive from the airport) but he didn't have time to fill the cooler. We get to the hotel and our room is in the main building and has a great view until it rained that night. We woke up to a carpet that was drenched from the sliding doors almost to the bed. When we asked to switch rooms, we were told nothing was available until the next day with the view and king bed we paid for. The new room wasn't ready until the next night and it was a garden view with two doubles. We went to call the front desk and that room's phone wasn't working. The bellman called the front desk from his cell phone and they hung up on him twice before sending us to another room with and ocean view, but still two double beds. We were too tired of packing and moving rooms that night, so we accepted this room. We went to the casino and the female dealers were friendly, the male dealers were not. It was also took a long time to get a drink when playing the tables. We got back to our room to find water leaking from the ceiling into the bathroom. This was 2am so we waited unitl the next day and moved again. Four rooms in five days. In general the staff was nice but the hotel was in serious need of a cleaning. The pools were dirty and being a pool owner, I looked in the skimmers and found them clogged with debris. They did not clean the skimmers for the next two days. The maid service was horrible. They never vacuumed, we had to take wash clothes from the fitness room because they never left us any, even after asking and they were very frugal with large bath towels. There are several more things...lots of cracked plaster, missing tiles, broken elevators and tram, missing door knobs, etc...etc... but it is suffice to say we will never go there again. One of the staff told us they were purchased a couple of months ago by an investment bankers group. I don't know if the new owners are the cause or not, but this hotel needs better management and some money put into the upkeep. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":383,"mention":"cooler","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cactus_Cooler"],"startOffset":377}]}