{"text":"Thank you! Grupotel Gravina! Just came back from Barcelona and I stayed in the Grupotel Gravina. I thought I would comment on how good this place was for us.We got a petit double bed room and to be honest it was much smaller than I had expected. There isn't much of a view either - looking outside it was just the other parts of the building. There was construction happening at the same time too - which wasn't as quiet as we wanted.But this little room was fine! Barcelona is a city that you have to experience and when you get back there is two things you want to do - have a shower\/bath and then rest for the next day. The bathroom was very nice - we saw pictures of the bathroom and thought it would be nice and it was really nice. Room cleaning was quick and efficient as we had it everyday as we had our adventures.Free satelitte tv too! I think there was two movie channels that were in english (Action and Comedy) and MTV was mostly english too. The time of the day didnt matter with the type of film because when I woke up and switch the tv on - films like V for Vendetta was on - which may not be suitable for kids.The hotel also has two computers in the main lobby which are free to use! We brought a laptop with us to store pictures of Barcelona but if I had known that there were good access to computers with broadband then we could of just uploaded them onto our Facebook accounts straight away.Right next to the hotel is a small shop so if you like to save some cash from the mini bar get your bottled water and stuff there for really cheap and store in the mini bar.The hotel is located about 5 minutes walk to La Ramblas - top half. When you walk out of the hotel you walk left and then turn left again and then it is one straight road. Just so you know there is a bakery on the end of this road before you get to La Ramblas which has the great baguettes for peanuts! The hotel did recommend breakfast for 17 euro which was silly.Keep an eye on your belongings as one evening some guy did try to pickpocket my wallet from my jeans. He pretended to be a football fan kicking a can towards me. and then coming up from behind chanting. Lucky my wallet was squashed under my bottom in the jeans so he has no chance taking them out without me knowing. Please use the safe in the room because in their terms they hold no responsibility for things that are not in the safe. It is only 拢2 euro a day which is really quite cheap. The safe is about the same size as a small shoe box but is quite deep. The room we had did have air-con - which luckily we only realised after one day of our 5 nights there. The best thing to do is to leave the air con full blast during your day out so when you go back to your room after a hot day out your room will be really nice and cool.This was a great place to stay - probably not that great if you are there all day but definately a great place to rest from a long day. ","annotations":[]}