{"text":"Your experience will vary based on the tower you stay in. I've stayed at the Shinagawa Prince three times over the past three years: the first two experiences were great (4\/5) and the most recent was mediocre (2\/5). The reason is easy to explain: we were assigned a different tower to stay in; your tower will dictate your experience. As others have noted, this is a huge complex that has a surprisingly convenient location just south of Tokyo's core, next to the large Shinagawa JR station. It has plenty of on-site food options, shopping, entertainment and four, significantly different hotel towers that were clearly build as expansions over the years. My experience dealt with two towers: the Annex Tower (formerly known as the Executive) and North Tower (previously known as the Annex Tower). It is a sprawling complex. Oddly enough, all four towers have their own reception desk (where you have to check-in) but are considered the same hotel by the Prince Hotel sites. The current Annex Tower is everything you'd expect from a solid, upscale business hotel in Japan: small, clean room but decked out with all sorts of nice high-tech perks --a pleasure to stay in. The North Tower offers an experience of what a standard business hotel room must have felt like in the 1950s --dark, aging, and feeling sketchy. I can't even believe they're the same hotel; interestingly enough, it is the one tower that is not connected to the rest via indoor walkways. Apparently the East Tower (the former Main Tower and clearly the first of the four to be built) was bad enough to warrant a major renovation which was still going on during our visit --I sincerely hope the North Tower is next on their agenda. NOTE: As you may have guessed from my review of old and new names, it is possible to be assigned the North Tower instead of the Annex Tower because, until recently, the North Tower was called the Annex Tower. Make clear you want the good one (Annex) when you make the reservation!Once you get past the room issues, the complex is still pretty good once you find your way around. For food they have a variety of good options: there's a food court that offers all sorts of great cheap eats (I'm partial to Japanese curry); the Yahoo! Cafe in the lobby of the Annex Tower offers a great breakfast (Japanese, which we loved every time, as well as Western) in addition to internet access; for formal dining or just a bar with a view there's the highly recommended Top of Shinagawa, located on the top floor of the Main Tower (39th floor, formerly the New Tower). Additionally there are several formal Japanese restaurants, what appears to be a Polynesian themed restaurant, and several places to buy snack-items. Just outside of the hotel complex there are even more quick eat places on the way to the JR station. They also have several entertainment venues, including a movie multiplex (all in Japanese) and a bowling alley\/arcade. There are a number of shops that cover clothes, tourist nicknacks, and convenience store items. This is clearly a place aimed at locals as well as visitors. So there you have it, the hotel offers a good location, a fairly non-tourist variety of things to do, but a strikingly Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde problem with its towers. Just remember: Annex is Jekyll and North is Hyde. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2218,"mention":"Japanese curry","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Japanese_curry"],"startOffset":2204}]}