{"text":"Was NOT satisfied with room When we arrived after a long tiring bus ride from Kuala Lumpur, there was no valet to bring our luggage in. After 2 trips back and forth from the taxis we finally managed to get all the luggage in with the admin, as well as 3 employees standing around doing nothing and watching us suffer. To make things worst, whilst pulling our luggage to our room, the corridor had 3 steps every 30metres or so, pulling luggage over steps is also quite annoying! The room was not too small but felt very damp for some reason. Our room had a fire exit door which CANNOT be locked. The warning sign on the door stated that the alarm will sound when opened. However, when we tested it, there was no alarm, the only response was our shock horror at the rubbish and rusting staircase just a few steps behind that door. This door affected our stay as it was just 3 girls in a hotel room that has a fire exit which can't be locked? safety issues! The bedsheets and pillows had a musky smell, one of the pillows even had a yellow stain on one of the corners. The bathroom was clean, but the shower head wasn't strong and was the type of shower head attached to a plastic box where you have to turn the knob to the temperature that you wanted. There was also ants all over the bathroom, must be from the rubbish dump of a backyard\/fire exit that the hotel has. The bathroom window was also not lockable but they were quite small so it was not really a safety threat, just a peeping tom threat. We got free breakfast, we arrived at 9.45am, the buffet breakfast finishes at 10.30am but most of the food was finished and was not refilled. They also started rushing us by asking if we were done with a section so they can clean up. This was annoying as it made us feel rushed. Checking in and out was fast which is good and the bed was quite comfortable. So as you can tell by this post, me and my friends were extremely unsatisfied and felt very unsafe whilst staying in the hotel room that we received. For the price that we paid (around $230 AUD a night) we expected a much better room. So reconsider and search around for alternative hotels before booking this one because at this room rate, ++ a few dollars you can surely find a more comfortable stay. ","annotations":[]}