{"text":"Outstanding welcome We spent three nights here the first week in September, and were pleased to find it so conveniently located just a few hundred yards from the Duomo and within walking distance of other sites and the station. Although the hotel entrance is on a busy street, the rooms are on the second floor (there is a lift if you need it) and extend back from the street so you look out on to courtyards. Also they have double glazing so they are very quiet. When we were there there was building work going on but that didn't start till 8 am and was over by the time we returned to the hotel at 4 or 5 pm so, apart from a bit of dust in the street entrance, it didn't affect us. The room was spacious, and there was a large bathroom. The room had its own air conditioning, which made a hum that was a bit noticeable at night, but only what you'd expect. The towels were changed daily and the sheets were changed after two days. The toiletries were kept well supplied. Our room and all the public areas of the hotel were kept immaculately clean.The breakfast, included in the price, is self-service and, contrary to what a recent review has stated, we helped ourselves to whatever we wanted, but we were also served coffee by the staff and offered second cups by them. Although there is an extensive range of foods on offer we noticed that some fellow-guests who had particular wishes for something not available were provided with what they needed.The hotel has many advantages but its outstanding feature is the friendliness of its staff, not just the owner and his family but all the staff. Advance reservations for galleries, table bookings for restaurants, advice and information on all aspects of visiting Florence, were freely offered and they seemed genuinely concerned to ensure that we had a successful and enjoyable stay. In our quite extensive experience of hotels, a welcome and helpfulness of this level is rare. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1227,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1221}]}