{"text":"GOOD HOTEL BUT SOME PROBLEMS Hello: Husband and I just back from 8 days at the Riu Taino. I have left a review for the Riu Naiba - we checked out of that hotel and into the Taino. My husband is handicap and with cane so the first property is not on the beach and very hard for anyone with a walking problem. The Taino has a wonderful location. Very gorgeous property - right on the most beautiful beach I have ever seen. All the rooms are like little cottages\/bungalow type style. Very pretty location. Rooms are clean and they all have balconies or patios. Fun bar in each room. The beds are horrid - need to be update. Very surprising as everything else is first class. But the beds are all singles and we pushed them together to make one large bed. Sheets and covers are horrid - very old and ragged looking as well as the pillows. Hard to get a good night sleep but being on the gorgeous beach each day made up for this small problem. The property is beautiful but again very spread out. The Riu could really invest in a shuttle service, golf cart, or mopeds to take the guests from one property to another. To get to anyone of the restaurants you have to walk and walk. This is a hard place for anyone elderly or handicap. Be reminded you will do alot of walking. No easy way to get around. With that in mind this place is a gem! Food is wonderful - no one should ever complain on it. Fantastic. Good choices each and every night. Drinks are wonderful and non-stop all day. The staff is wonderful. The english language is a bit of a struggle so be prepared to learn your spanish fast. We were the only americans during the week of Oct. 8th but it was a wonderful experience to meet so many people from all over the world - mostly Spain, Brazil, Germany. I can't really complain on anything other than the beds and the walking. This is a great property, beautiful beach in the world, wonderful pool, great entertainment at night. You will enjoy yourself and not get bored. Just be prepared for the walking, not much english spoken and a bit of confusion on check-in but all in all - for the price - this is a great little spot. Please email if I can further assist anyone. Good luck and happy travels to all. Punta Cana is a wonderful, beautiful spot with beautiful beaches and great people! ","annotations":[]}