{"text":"Poor Service, Economy Resort We just returned from a trip to the Ocean Bavaro in Punta Cana. The price was great, $530 for 3 nights, from St. Louis. This was the grand total, and included everything. The beach and landscaping were great. The food was very average. The a la carte restaurants had very limited room, and were closed on some nights. The Japanese restaurant was the only really good food we had there the entire time. At the Spanish restaurant, our reservations were for 8:00 P.M., and we received our food at 10:00 P.M. The service at the resort was horrible! I do not think that the staff likes Americans. There were other U.S. guests at the hotel who said that same thing. The cook at the pool side snack bar sneered at us when we asked him for a hamburger, the waitress in the spanish restaurant gave us a dirty look when we asked her for some wine, and the girl that took a la carte dinner reservations in the daytime was not friendly at all. The last morning there, our friend had her foot on the chair tucked under her at the main buffet, and the waiter with the bad complexion came over and slapped her on the leg for her to put her foot down. There were numerous people at the resort who had problems with their rooms. We lost power all day in our room. Two other couples complained of their rooms flooding, one couple complained that their ceiling collapsed from the room above them flooding, and one couple stated that they had no air conditioning in their room for 2-3 days! We tried to borrow an iron to iron our clothes, and they told us that they did not have one. We had to beg and plead to borrow an iron, and we finally got one. Pants are required in the a la carte restaurants, and pants get pretty rinkled in suit cases. There are no alarm clocks and t.v. remote controls in some rooms, and we requested a wake up call from the front desk the last morning, and never received it! The guests there were mostly europeans, and they were mostly rude. They would cut in line in front of you at the buffet, and would not step to one side at all when walking towards you on the walkways. I would move to my right when approaching them, and they would not kindly move over an inch, forcing me and my wife off into the grass! The staff at the resort spoke little, if no English. My wife and I have been to the carribean at least 9 previous times, and this was the worst resort that we have been to. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":772,"mention":"hamburger","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hamburger"],"startOffset":763}]}