{"text":"An Amazing Oasis - Strongly Recommended! Komaneka Resort on Monkey Resort Rd is simply amazing! My husband and I stayed there for our honeymoon in Oct and we were absolutely impressed by the lovely staff and beautiful resort.From the moment we arrived, the very pleasant receptionist welcomed us with a refreshing cool towel and welcome drink. She then took us on a small tour around the hotel grounds which I must say is very well maintained. They had upgraded our room to an amazing private pool villa (not sure if this is the norm or whether it was because we were on our honeymoon and that there was some availability). From the moment, the doors to our villa opened, our jaws had dropped because we werent expecting to be upgraded and the first thing my husband said was that he never wanted to leave this place! And I totally agreed straight away. The villa has a gorgeous infinity pool overlooking a small waterfall and river. The huge bed had flowers arranged in a heart shape. The bathroom and marble bath was overlooking a privare pond with nice fishes and 3 cute frogs! The hotel had so many special touches to it. They had thought of EVERYTHING for their guests. We were provided: a huge straw shopping bag to take for our shopping trips; a different bedtime story to read each evening; differnt pyjamas to wear each night; a weekly weather report; electric and traditional insect repellents; free musuem tours including free entrance fees, flowers in the bath, etc. The food was a real surprise for us......real 5 star quality food. The breakfast was good variety and quality, room service was divine and they also provided yummy complimentary afternoon tea which included samples from their main menu to try. We also tried their full moon dinner (by the main pool which was decorated with candles and local decorations) and private BBQ dinner at our own villa (where they had put candles around our pool and decorated our table, also had our own waiter and chef). We also tried their spa which was divine and it was very pampering and luxurious!The service was fantastic throughout our stay. The staff at Komaneka did everything to make us feel so happy and comfortable. They even helped us to bubble wrap our handicrafts and package our paintings so that they wont get crashed on the plane. We felt so spoilt that it was so hard to leave such a beautiful resort with such accommodating and welcoming staff. This is truly an amazing place to stay and strongly recommended. You cant go wrong with Komaneka and we look forward to coming back again and again. We've had our own share of 5 star hotels around the world but Komanka beats everyone hands down. You'll see what I mean when you get there! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1055,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1051}]}