{"text":"Very Good Business Focused Hotel I stayed an entire week at the Hotel Arts for a business meeting. For that purpose, the hotel was very good. If I was visiting Barcelona as a tourist, I would probably look for something a little less sterile. The staff are very attentive and friendly. It's one of those places where the staff won't give you directions to the elevator, but rather they'll walk you there and press the button for you. I arrived at 12:00 noon. There were queen bedded rooms available, but I wanted a king. The hotel called my cellphone around 2:00 to say that a king room was ready. They gave me a corner room that faced the sea. The room was long and narrow. It had a very nice bathroom, a desk that faced the marina, a king-sized bed, and a couple of chairs. The desk wasn't very comfortable for working. The bathroom had a bath with a hand-held shower; a toilet room with toilet and bidet, a shower, and a double-sink. The shower was like a high-pressure car wash. It had a fixture in the ceiling, and then two fixtures on the wall. The wall fixture jets were piercing so I used that only once. There was every sort of imaginable toiletry -- the normal things like shampoo, body wash, bar soap, mouthwash, etc., plus a comb, cotton balls, q-tips, a toothbrush and toothpaste, a razor with shaving cream, a sewing kit, a nail file, etc. The room has a lot of technology. There is a Bang  Olufsen television\/stereo system. By today's standards (and considering what they spent on that set-up) the television was small and hard to see from the bed. There was no alarm clock (at least I couldn't figure out where it was). The furnishings were very nice, although I found the bed to be uncomfortable. The windows in the bedroom had shutters and electric blinds that could completely darken the room. The room had pretty much everything you would expect -- hair dryer, in-room safe, iron\/ironing board, robes, etc. The minibar was well stocked -- although with not much to eat, and what was there was really pricey. I probably spent about EUR50 and consumed two bottles of water, a shot of vodka, and some crackers. Speaking of pricey, wifi is EUR25\/day + tax. That's outrageous. Wifi appeared to be free in one hour increments in the lobby. The room lighting was kind of crazy -- there is a master control by the door and another on the nightstand. The switch labels are such that you can't quite figure out which is which without trying them all. For example, the switch labeled the living room operated the lights at the door; and switch labeled the salon operated the lights in the bedroom. The room was very nice, but the carpet had some dark stains, as did the wallpaper. The windows were dirty, and there was lots of dust. From a location perspective, the views are beautiful -- the sea, the city, the architecture. However, it's a long walk into the old part of town, or to see most of the major Gaudi attractions. The metro is close and taxis are plentiful. The pools appear very attractive, although it was in the 60s while I was there, so I didn't venture out (neither did anyone else it seemed). My room rate included the breakfast buffet. There was a lot of variety and the service was attentive. While I read the news on my cell phone, someone offered me a newspaper. I also partook in drinks in two of the bars. The drinks were expensive (EUR12+), but the service was attentive. The furnishings were comfortable, and it was busy well into the early morning. I also dined in Arola. The service was very good, as was the food. There was live music. All-in-all, the hotel was as I expected. It seems to cater more toward conferences and business meetings. The service is attentive and the staff are helpful, without being snooty. The room rate wasn't that bad (EUR300\/night + tax), but I did feel a bit nickel'd and dimed. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":693,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":689}]}