{"text":"Very good value for money I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in June 2007. Rooms are just standard in terms of interior design. The lobby is beautiful. Service is excellent (everyone greets you with nods and bows, like a king). The lady working at Concierge desk was extremely helpful, and copied me detailed maps from a street directory to make the process of finding places easier.Location is a bit hard to find for first time travellers to Japan (but same goes for most places in Japan).The price was exceptionally cheap at 14,500yen per night. For the 4.5 star standards of this hotel, this was fantastic value for money.If it's your first time to Japan, you will find it a challenge. The Japanese cannot speak English. Street signs are in Japanese. It's very tiring and difficult to find places. And the subway lines are a maze.In Tokyo most of the streets do not have names, and so the address is conveyed as area number, block number, building number eg. Shinjuku 2-1-9. I recommend you get a detailed map from a Street Directory (not a tourist guide), and then it makes it easier to navigate to places. Always find out the address in terms of area number, block number, building number of whereever you are going.This hotel is located above the ShioDoMe (pronounced She Oh Doh May) subway station. The easiest way from the airport is to take the Limosine Bus (a normal bus) to Tokyo City Air Terminal for 30000 yen and then catch a taxi which will cost 20000 yen to the hotel.If you are getting the subway around, I found it easiest to use the Shidome subway station. The Shimbashi station (which was recommended by the hotel) is a long walk and difficult to find in the maze of the underground subway lines. The Shidome station is just outside the entrance from the hotel on Basement level 2.While in Tokyo, I recommend a visit to the basement food court of the Isetan department store in Shinjuku, the array of food offerings are amazing! Also a must is shopping and dining in Ginza, which can be walked to from the hotel. On Saturdays and Sundays they close off the 8 blocks, and it is a pedestrian street. The shops, restaurants and atmosphere is wonderful. ","annotations":[]}