{"text":"On the way down The hotel is located in Isla Verde, in the Caroline district, which is a great spot. There are restaurants nearby and a grocery store (all within walking distance), and it's only a couple of blocks from the beach. The Outback restaurant in the hotel is great. The casino is small, but if nickel slots are your goal, it'll do. Its downfalls, however, are too numerous to overcome the great location. First, my visit was not as a tourist, but as a business traveler over an extended stay. My employer selected the hotel, not me. My employer also paid the bill, not me. That said, had I selected a hotel and paid the bill, I would have been nothing but disappointed with my choice, and the cost.The hotel is in a slow decline. 1) I opened a drawer at the sink, and it fell apart as it came out. Leaving it on the counter got it fixed prior to my return from a meeting. 2) Like many hotels I've stayed at, there are two banks of elevators. Here, there's a bank of elevators and across the way a single elevator. The single elevator is extremely slow. The 2nd floor and ground buttons stopped working. I was on the 2nd floor, and just started using the stairs. 3) The in-room 'fridge was missing a foot, which meant when you opened the door it tilted toward the missing foot and all items shifted.4) Music from the lobby bar and special events was OUTRAGEOUSLY loud! It was impossible to watch television, read, or look over any documents while sitting in the front room from 8-11 at night (again, I was on business, not a tourist), and a call to the manager two nights in a row did nothing. If you have kids that go to bed early...good luck to you. Ultimately I went to the bedroom and closed the door between the rooms. That certainly took the benefit of a suite out of the picture. I might as well have been at a Super 8.5) The dresser in the bedroom smelled a little like someone had upchucked in it. I decided rather than complain once again I'd handle it by purchasing some air fresheners from the local grocery store. That made my clothes smell like someone had upchucked on them, after they had been freshly laundered. Not a good smell.6) Parking at the hotel was terrible. In the evenings there are events at the hotel and the attendees take up all of the available spaces (except on the roof, where the employees park). Cars are parked on concrete dividers, and in the lanes of travel in behind cars (which can be bothersome when you try to get your spot out of an actual space). If you park, get a space early and don't move your car or you'll be sorry.All in all, I would recommend shopping around for another hotel. If it's only for a short stay, you plan on being gone most of the time (out of the room) anyway, and the cost is what you need, then enjoy. ","annotations":[]}