{"text":"Excellent Resort!!! We stayed at Dreams from 10\/4-10-11 and we really had a great time. I was skeptical after reading some of the negative comments, but truthfully we did not see any rats in the sports bar, tarantulas in the halls, ants in the rooms, bedbugs or any of the other creatures previously mentioned!!! We were greeted with a cold towel and champagne. The grounds were meticulous! Our room was upgraded and was really very nice. We were in room 4101 on the ground floor. Even though there was rust from condensation on the edge of the lampshade and metal edging of the sofa, I did not find this to be a reason for complaints. The room was cleaned every morning, floor mopped and looking spotless when we returned from breakfast. You just cannot expect brand new furniture everytime that you stay in a hotel. We did not experience any ant or bug problem at all. The room was fresh smelling and did not have a musty smell. Occasionally there were a few mosquitoes which love to bite me but not my husband!! We had turn-down service every evening, plenty of fresh towels, the fridge was refilled daily and the air conditioning was very good. We never felt uncomfortable at all.  The restaurants were all very good. Our favorite by far was Bordeaux. We tried each one except for Da Mario, and we never made it to dinner at the buffet. All of the food was very good, served hot. I cannot complain about anything here. The portions are small but we ordered appetizers, soup , main course, and dessert every evening. And we were never hungry nor did we feel like we needed to snack later. There is always something to eat no matter what time of day or evening from the buffet to the regular restaurants, BBQ on the beach, lunch in the restaurants, midnight snack at the buffet, room service etc. It is important to read the SUNDIAL every day to find out which restaurants are serving what times (as far as lunch and dinner) on that particular day and also to find out the dress code for each. Men are not required to wear long pants to all of the restaurants, only certain ones! The pool is absolutely gorgeous as has been stated. But we really are beach people. We would spend most of the day on the beach, then go to the swim up bar around 4:00 each day for some socializing and fun. The beach is owned by the Federal Government and not the resorts, so if you walk away from the front of the resort you will find trash and seaweed washed up on the shoreline. But this is no fault of the resort. They try really hard to keep the area in front of the resort very clean. The area to the left is very good for swimming. We never encountered any rocks or coral there. I did spend time in the water. The service is outstanding as has been mentioned. The beach service was excellent also and friendly. All of the bars that we tried has excellent service. Sometimes you had to be patient while they mixed certain drinks, but we did not mind. Overall they were very attentive and very willing to please. Overall I must say that we never got sick from any food or anything else, we were not harassed by the vendors. A polite no was all that was required there. There was bacon every day at the buffet. (I guess we hit a good week!!) And I never saw or experienced any sexual harassment. I think the language barrier would make this difficult and easily misinterpreted. I truly loved this resort and I really cannot find one negative thing. This was our fourth stay at an all-inclusive and our first to Punta Cana. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1477,"mention":"soup","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Soup"],"startOffset":1473}]}