{"text":"Utter Rubbish I booked the Barcelona Princess pretty much based on the reviews I'd read on Trip Advisor and other sites like it, the reviews were typically very good. Well, after a long day roaming what seemed to be the culturally bankrupt city center of Barcelona, my partner and I returned to the hotel with the intention of relaxing in the pool and perhaps taking advantage of the sauna, and Jacuzzi.As we were staying on the 22nd floor, we decided to take the elevator up to the 23rd where there was supposed be a Bar and swimming pool.Well, there WAS a bar, which looked unused and empty, not just devoid of people but of any of the normal bar like things, drinks, glasses, staff! no matter we thought, perhaps we could find some RR in the pool. There was no such luck, the door to the pool was locked. There also seemed to be a prosession of couples looking for the facilities which they'd paid hard earned cash for.Down to the 3rd floor to check out the other pool sauna, and jacuzzi, there we'd find that both Saunas yes that 2 saunas for such a large hotel were both out of order, the Jacuzzi was a third full with some rather strangely coloured water the pool though open was freezing to the touch.I might also add that we bumped into another couple of people from Germany who were also less than impressed, particularly when they'd realised that they paid substantially more than me.After talking to them, we also compared rooms and facilities, it was only on entering their room we realised that the rooms were incredibly tiny and perhaps we'd been lucky with our room on the 22nd floor. Also to their utter horror, the cleaners had placed their belongings in the Bedet!!!! Whether this was a temporary measure while they cleaned the room, this is unclear, however I've never seen anything like this in a modern hotel moreover there was a perfectly good bed where possessions could have been placed during the cleaning of the room.To cut a long story, we all complained to the management about the lack of facilities and poor housekeeping, this didn't seem to register with the guy (once we'd managed to speak to the manager) he thought he could buy us off with cheap champagne and an offer of dinner.Its an appalling hotel, with poor staff, there is no access to the beach, as building work in currently being completed near by, besides the beach is covered in rocks. If you take away one thing from this review it should be this. DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES SPEND YOUR MONEY AT THIS PLACE, ITS UTTERLY APPALLING, FORGET THE NICE ONE OFF REVIEWS ITS [--]. I can put it no stronger terms, I'm currenly making a claim through Expedia\/ATOL as a result. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2545,"mention":"NICE","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2541}]}