{"text":"Beautiful resort! We stayed here a week in July after booking a great rate through Interval Intrnational. This place is incredible and wished we could have stayed another week. We never heard any noises from our neighbors. We stayed in a 2 bdrm. which was very large and great for our family of four with 2 pre-teens, giving us plenty of space to spread out. The kids had their suite and we had ours! We propped the door of their bedroom open most of the time. Everything was beyond our expectations. All of the staff was very friendly and helpful. The pools at the Marriott Villas were very nice and the kids (and husband) enjoyed playing water basketball. The hot tub has a large waterfall and felt great. We also thoroughly enjoyed the pools at the JWMarriott next door, especially the lazy river. The staff has pitchers of ice water with plastic cups for you to help yourself while enjoying the pool. The grounds at the JWMarriott are absolutely stunning along with the views of the surrounding mountains. Guests of the Villas have access to the JWMarriott. One note: check with the front desk at the JWMarriott and have them code your swimming passes on your first visit. The passes given to you at the Villas will not work until they are coded at JWMarriott. (I had read this in another review but didn't actually believe it.) We took advantage of a free walking Desert Tour offered at the JWMarriott by a local geologist on Sat. morning and would highly recommend it. He was very knowledgable and I learned about the local plants and animals, incl. interesting facts about the landscaping at the JWMarriott. The Marriott Villas was our base for touring the Phoenix area. It is not the most convenient location for exploring the downtown area of Phoenix but staying at the awesome villas made up for that. Because we wanted to see as much of Phoenix as we could, we were unable to fully take advantage of the wonderful pools, activities, etc. that Marriott had to offer. I can visualize a family with young children or teenagers never having to leave the resort other than eating out. FYI: there is only one fast food restaurant in the immediate area so if you are out and about, don't wait until you get to the immediate area of the Marriot to look for a place to eat. My husband and son played golf one afternoon despite the 100+ tempertures. Ice water is kept at every hole for the golfers. I cannot say enough about our week. Oh, I almost forgot--we recieved a call a week before our stay asking us if we had any questions and preferences on our stay. ","annotations":[]}