{"text":"Mixed feelings I have mixed feelings about this hotel. There are some very good points about it, like the view of Hong Kong Harbour, but there are also some annoying qualities, mainly related to design.The hotel has a sleek, modern architecture, which is in sharp contrast to the off-the-beaten path neighborhood in which it is located. The lobby is located one floor up from street level, which gives you something of an immediate respite from the roar of Hong Kong. The hotel has a small footprint, but it goes up, up, up. The elevators seem capable of handling the hotel's traffic; there was only one morning where I had a significant wait for an elevator. Despite the vertical rise, I found this hotel to have an intermittent noise problem. A sound something like a vacuum cleaner would cycle on and off even through the night. My room was very narrow. So narrow, in fact, that I couldn't comfortably sit at the desk to work at my computer because the foot of the bed came so close it did not allow me to pull the desk chair out far enough. I found it easier to sit on the end of the bed to work on the desk. I found the shower also very small. There was no room for a tub. The design seemed to attach maximum priority to giving as many rooms as possible a harbour view.I noted my concerns in the hotel's checkout questionnaire and received an immediate response from the hotel's management. They noted that they do have larger rooms. In that I was staying in one of their platinum rooms I wonder if I would have needed to stay in a suite to get more space?The staff in the hotel were inconsistent. Some, like the concierge, were extraordinarily helpful. Others, in the restaurant or behind the front desk, were decidedly unhelpful, even sullen.The quality of the food in the restaurants is very good. The breakfast buffet selection is somewhat limited, but adequate.Bottom line, I think the Panorama needs to try a little harder, compensating for the built-in design problems, the location and the highly competitive nature of the Hong Kong hotel market. It also needs to correct the noise problem and work with the staff more. If it did all these, I think it would be on par with other Hong Kong hotels. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2051,"mention":"Hong Kong hotel","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hong_Kong_Hotel"],"startOffset":2036}]}