{"text":"The perfect peaceful retreat in a city of chaos Where to begin but the fact that this hotel is on the 26th floor and upwards of a skyscraper with fantastic views of the city including Tokyo Tower and on a clear day Mount Fuji in the distance with its snow cap.If the fact that you can arrive in your room and gaze out across the bustling city (which is absolutely incredible at night but still impressive on waking in the morning) doesn't win you ovr to stay at this hotel then perhaps some of the finer points may.The rooms by Tokyo standard are a good size, we opted for a King room which was more than adequate considering you probably won't spend that much time there. There are corner rooms available if you want a few extra square feet or perhaps are staying for a while.The staff here are very helpful and brought me hair appliances when mine didnt work (ladies be warned its a different voltage from many other countries and straightners dont work so dont waste your luggage allowance) they are also excellant with advice for where to go or how to get there. Just ask the front desk if you need anything.We booked through the hotels website after checking majority of main sites online and phoning the hotel it worked out the cheapest rate by quite a bit. I think we paid $300 USD for 2 nights so about 拢150 including breakfast and of course the wonderful view.Right below this hotel is a 7\/11 convienience store which is not suprisingly about an 8th of the price of stuff in the minibar and obviousley offers some good snacks too.We ate in the hotel restaurant one evening, Don't recall the name but its the one which isn't japanese cuisine. It's not a cheap meal but having said that its not as expensive as things can be in Japan. We had a set menu of 6 course which i think was around 拢30 each and also a wonderful rose wine to go with it. The food was wonderful, they served two different appetizers, then fish, then a meat of your choice followed by 'pre-dessert' and grand dessert' i dont quite understand the idea behind the pre dessert thing but it was definately delicious.After dinner we drank cocktails in the hotel bar which for me is the only negatve to this place, the bar itself is modern and sophisticated and cocktails were up with some of the best ive had but the view has been ruined by an office building that you just can't quite see over the top of. Whether it came after the hotel was built i dont know, but it does make you wonder why they didnt have the bar on the top floor. Having said this its really not bad as you can watch people still working i their office at midnight and revel in the fact you're away from that.All in all a great hotel at a very good price for Tokyo. I feel you get your moneys worth just from the view but if you dont agree theres always buffet breakfast which you'll definately want to return to for more. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":255,"mention":"snow","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Snow_cream"],"startOffset":251}]}