{"text":"Not as advertised With such great reviews, I didn't think we could go wrong. That was my first mistake. Upon our arrival, we were told that the hotel had overbooked and our room was unavailable. (We traveled the week before Thanksgiving) While this can happen I did not expect to hear that because of this situation our room would be downgraded. I had reserved my room over 8 months earlier and was obviously upset that we were not notified earlier of the situation. We were offered $130 credit per night that could be used at the resort. Does anyone else think it's funny that money I paid for a room I was not going to be put in should stay at the resort? When I said I would only accept a cash refund or credit back on my card a room miraculously opened up for our second night to the end of our vacation. They then informed me that I was lucky because that meant some other couple wouldn't be staying in the room they reserved. Kept thinking I don't feel lucky for getting what I paid for. In the end, we stayed one night in a downgraded room, and then were moved to the room I had booked. As if our arrival wasn't fun enough, our bag was delivered to the wrong room. I had to argue with the bell staff that the bag they were trying to give me was not mine. They were insistent that it was. Over an hour later, and a few rum punches to make it seem funnier than it was, our bag was found in someone else's room and brought to us.  Our first night we dined at the Lobster Hut. While it isn't Maine lobster, it was good. However, upon ordering a glass of house red wine we were amazed to be told they were out. Mind you, we have paid for an all inclusive vacation and there are 5 other restaurants within a 2 minute walk that all had the wine. We were shown the wine list and asked if we wanted to purchase a bottle of red wine. Are these people nuts? I really could go on and on about the poor service however I am done. A vacation is what you make of it and my husband and I did come home relaxed. We learned to laugh the stuff off and await the next one. The alcohol helps it all seem better. Do take bug spray and lots of sun screen. It rained every day on us, but running out of sunscreen will cost you a minimum of $18 a bottle. Disposable cameras will set you back $30. The spa is worth a treatment and the daily specials are a good deal. Another thing to note is there are a lot of smokers. If you are used to non-smoking environment this might get to you. The closed air restaurants are smoke free, but the open air ones are not. The lobby is also smoking and when it is raining, they lower screens that keeps the air from moving. It really tends to build up. If you are already going, I hope you have a great time. If you are not sure...I would say this is a 2.5-3 star place trying to disguise as a 5 star. ","annotations":[]}