{"text":"Loved the Relais Bosquet, Great Location We stayed at the Relais Bosquet for a week this month. We found the recommendation for the hotel in Rick Steve's guidebook. We were not disappointed. We had a nice size room for Paris and an unusually large bathroom for Europe with 2 sinks. Everything was spotless. The hotel has air conditioning which was great as it was really hot for April. Our room had a small refrigerator which was useful for storing water, wine and cheese. We loved the location. About a 10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and round the corner from Rue Cler with its open markets and cafes and restaurants. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the Ecole Militaire metro (line 8) and bus #69 stops nearby (great route - Invalides, Musee D'Orsay, Louvre, near Notre Dame and Marais) and a few mintues from bus stop #92 (Arch de Triomphe and Gare Montparnasse (we went to the latter to catch a train for Chartres). We used the buses a lot as the routes were so direct and it gave us a chance to see more of Paris but they can be hot in warm weather - no air conditioning! The staff at the hotel were efficient and friendly - both the front desk staff and Barbara who serves a nicely presented continental breakfast with yummy fresh strawberries. The hotel also has free internet in the lobby. The room has an iron, hair dryer, wine glasses and wine opener and coffe\/tea maker. One thing to watch for - if the hotel calls a taxi for you, the charge will start from the time the cab leaves the taxi stand. We got a taxi to the airport and when it arrived there was already about 9.70 euros on the meter. This is not the case if you flag down a cab on the street. We were glad we choose this area of Paris as other areas like the Marais seemed so crowded and it was nice to come back to the green boulevards and see the Eiffel Tower, especially lit up at night. We had a wonderful time in Paris and would definetely come back to the Relais Bosquet and not hestiate to recommend it. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":204,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":200}]}