{"text":"Made Great New Friends I read alot of the reviews on this site. I feel that the conventions do take away from the experience. We had the opportunity to enjoy the resort before UBS came in. After that large crowds of families came to the resort. It does take away from the resort. Be aware the ugly American has arrived. (and I'm from New Jersey, LOL.)Bottom line, we made many new friends. Jessica Colon, the concierge supervisor is the kindest, most caring person we have run across in many hotels. Well before our trip we lost two family members. Jessica, was so kind and attentive that I decided to take a private car to the resort instead of the bus provided. Just to pick up flowers for her. Jessica set us up with Millinium Limos. Pedro the owner (whom I never met) provided superior service. Nestor, our friend and driver was fantastic. I could not imagine the island without Nestor. Nestor, took us and our friends to Old San Juan. His knowledge and experience made our trip second to none.Norman, the bell captain, truly, made us feel like family. I know that Norman is now welcome in our home, as we are in his. We spent alot of time talking to him. He is a wonderful person.Selelnia, our server at the pool, was wonderful. Luis, Louis and Juan were also great.However, Selenia was the best. We adopted each other. Not knowing that adopting one was adopting all the servers. It got to the point that we were hugging so many people we thought we were family. It was nice.RestaurantsWe never had a bad meal. You do have to exercise your will at Blossom. The Japanese Hibachi side will go really fast unless you control the timing.StripHouse, Great NYC steakhouse. NYC prices. StingRay, good food, when busy they put tables on the walkway. Ask for the terrace or inside.Otellos, got to be served by Christian and his crew. Dancing, singing and phenom service. Again, I think they are coming to live at my house and they are welcome, LOL.Martini Bar, violin music while relaxing before or after dinner.Anyway, expensive. We saw many people being rude to the staff because of prices. Heard many people abusing the staff for no rational reason other than they were disgruntled over prices. Good dinning at the pool at night, I heard.Bottom line we could hardly walk through the resort with out hugging, embracing and kissing staff membersAs a matter of fact, other guests were rather rude to us because we never waited for a table, everyone knew our name and we never waited in a line. Also didn't play the towel game either.Ask if a convention is booked. Ask if the resort is full. Then meet your extended family. The El Conquistador staff will surprise you if given the chance. Book Las Casitas(we didn't cause we didn't know)Nice people, new friends, big bucks and enjoy!You get what you pay for, and you get new family if you are not jerks. ","annotations":[]}