{"text":"Never Again!! My best friend and I travelled to Miami to celebrate our 40th Birthdays. After looking at various hotels we decided to book with the Miami Beach Resort and Spa, the website sold it to us we couldn't wait to get there and bask in the luxury that was promised.Things started to go wrong when the nigt before checking into the hotel I spent over 2 hours trying to get through to the hotel, I had to finally speak to British Airways, who I booked through, to check the hotel was open for business. They were able to get through to the hotels reservations department who advised that the hotel was probably busy so that was why no-one was answering the phones. This was my first clue that things were not going to go well!Upon arrival at the hotel my first impression was that back in the day this hotel must have been fabulous but it now looked ,old and dated, in obvious need of a facelift. So as not to bore you I will just list the issues that I had we the hotel:-1.The room was filthy, the carpets had never been vacumed, the sheets on the beds had rips in.2. I had to ask the cleaner to change the sheets on the bed3. No one answered the phone when you called reception we had to go down and speak to them in person4.We had to ask for the key to the mini bar5. They did not have a bottle opener and gave us direction s to go to Walgreens to buy one6. When I asked the cleaners to remove the dirty wine glasses that had been in my room for 2 days! She told me it was not her job and walked away!!7.Ironing board collapsed- the leg snapped in half. When I asked for a new one I arrived back at the hotel to find a new one still wrapped in plastic that I had to spend 10 minutes trying to unwrap and open8. The pool was dirty, we didn't get in it once!9. We asked for champagne glasses, the lady and gentleman at reception did not know the difference between a wine glass and a champagne glass, so WE HAD TO DRAW THEM A PICTURE!! They then presented us with one champagne glass and one martini glass as they had run out of champagnes glasses( there had been a wedding the night before and they had obviously not yet washed the glasses ) so we drank our 12 year old bottle of Dom Perignon champagne that my friend had saved for her 40th Birthday from a champagne and martini glass!10. We were given mis-information by the concierge about the 1 day criuse to the Bahamas and so ended up $95 out of pocketAll in all it was a nightmare, the attitude of the staff only made matters worse, they were obviously very understaffed and the staff that were there just didn't seem to care, they had obviously heard it all before. When i finally manged to speak to the manager when we checked out, he offered us a complimentary breakfast ( which surprisingly wasn't bad) and 2 free nights stay to go back there next year!! (lol) Why on earth would we want to do that!!!If you decide to go to this hotel then please do not have any high expectations, in fact go somewhere else.. ","annotations":[]}