{"text":"Don't go here The room was very basic. Beds hard, no clock, TV hard to find an english station. Wall in bldg. 10 to bathroom had a large smoked glass piece in it for viewing others in tub whether you wanted to or not. it also woke everyoine up at night from light shining through if someone went in there. it became a nuisance. not sure if these are in other bldgs. or not. Very disappointed as Travel brochure said English spoken widely on resorts. That was not the case. Mostly Europeans there and not friendly. Food was good, gourmet restaurant was terrific, better be in buffet early in morning to get a reservation for that night in ala carte though. even if half the tables are empty, they won't let you in. pretty sad. maybe they need to remember who is paying the tab!!! But we all got sick for a week in spite of the good tasting food and staying away from the water. Keep the pepto bismal flowing. Store on site was extremely expensive. nothing to do offsite as a few stores near there but run down, 3rd world shopping. They have armed guards at night on the resort. what does that tell you? 2 Clerks at check-in and check-out were very rude. They even made us check out 2 hours early as our van was there to take us back to airport. It was the wrong van and they would not let us back in room to shower or call our travel representative. Bartender at swimup bar looked at us a few times for 10 minutes before asking us what we wanted. He was not busy at all. Beach bar had bad tasting reheated french fries. Beach was nice, but sand full of pineneedles and pinecones that hurt feet. Water had some big waves and undertow, but very warm. Nightly entertainment was basic at least and mostly included making guests get up and get involved. became boring after a while. The disco there was a fabulous DUD!!!! After 2 days, people didn't even go in anymore, including us. Hope you like techno!! the van to airport was not safe and had a cracked windshield and we had a blow out on way to airport. tires were all bald. our travel vendor seemed to care less about putting us on an unsafe vehicle. you might want to find your own taxi to and from airport. quickly check the vehicle out first. The casino opens at 9 PM. It is across the street as are the need repair tennis courts. Be VERY careful crossing street. mini-golf was fun but very basic equipment compared to the dazzing mini golf places here at home. All of us felt very uncomfortable there. After only 2 days, we were ready to leave. stuck out the other 5. 1st trip to an island we didn't like and we have been to many others. We won't be going back. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1517,"mention":"french fries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/French_fries"],"startOffset":1505}]}