{"text":"Thank Goodness for the Hilton !! When I was planning the trip to NYC as my daughter's 18th birthday present, I asked her if we should get a good hotel, or not bother, as we wouldn't be doing anything other than sleep in it. Well, thank goodness as any precocious 17 year old would, she wanted to spend the extra for a good hotel. So I chose the Millenium Hilton from the City  Show website, and actually got a pretty good deal.As it turned out, my daughter was EXTREMELY ill for the trip, for all of the 5 days we spent there. It started when she fainted on the plane out there (a BIG BIG thank you to the wonderful guys on Continental Airlines who helped her out with oxygen). So we got to Newark, got our taxi to the hotel, and my daughter didn't leave after that (except for an hour in Bloomingdales and a pre-booked helicopter trip). She couldn't walk one block so didn't even see Ground Zero.So we were stuck in our fantastic hotel room on the 44th floor, with our excellent view up towards the Empire State. As a busy working mum, I actually found the enforced stay very relaxing - we caught up on all of our movies on the big flat screen! The staff was very helpful, and the beds extremely comfortable. This hotel made what could have been an utterly miserable trip, bearable.I had a meal in the restaurant one evening which was very pleasant. Also, the hotel is right next to Century 21, which is ideal for cut-price shopping. And the World Financial Centre is also worth a look, as well as the church across the road which at that time still held the memorabilia for the lost loved ones of the 9\/11 tragedy.The only problem (and why I'm not giving it a 5 rating) is that there were no instructions by the phone on how to ring an international call back home to Ireland, and I inadvertently dialled various numbers (including to Africa apparently!) and I had to work hard with the reception staff not to be charged an exorbitant amount.I think I'd like somewhere more central next time, but if you want to be downtown, this is the place. My daughter recovered when we got back home of course, and we know someday we'll be able to laugh about it (just not yet!). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":896,"mention":"Zero","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola_Zero"],"startOffset":892}]}