{"text":"Excellent Quality and friendly We recently stayed at Embassy Suites April 4-8th. It was a quick getaway during spring break for our boys, 9 and 12. We made the reservation thru the Hilton website and used a AAA discount. We decided to stay here based on various reviews and the fact that breakfast was included with the deal. I hate having to wander around in order to find food in the morning, especially with kids. It was also close to the airport so that we could get there sooner and leave later. The cab ride is fixed to various hotel zones and ours was $10.50. Check in was quick and the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was a connecting suite with a living room in the middle. One room had a king bed, the other, two double beds for the boys. We thought about the cheaper option of putting them on the sofa bed but we're glad we didn't. The sofa bed is fairly lame and our boys likely would have been kicking each other thru the night. This way they had their own bathroom and TV. We paid $379\/night plus taxes. You could stay here for less than that easily but have only one main bedroom and sleeper sofa in the living room. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. The service thruout the hotel was excellent. We really didn't go to the pool much but opted for activities and the beach. The pool is decent but seemed crowed at times. The beach is two blocks away and an easy walk. We liked the beach at Isla Verde and thought it was better than Loquillo. You can rent an ubrella for $10\/d and chairs for $4\/d. The breakfasts were good, not great, but very convenient, with enough variety for everybody. We went early, 8am, when crowds were not too bad. There was also snacks and drinks served from 530pm to 7pm each night. The resturants in the area are decent but not great. We did not eat at the most expensive places being with the kids. We liked the idea of eating Puerto Rican food although some of the places were slightly dirty in our opinion. We ate at Metropol and Mi Casita which again were decent and inexpensive but could have been cleaner. We had sushi one night at Momoyama in the Intercontinental hotel which was good. All of the above were in walking distance from hotel. Other activities included taking a cab to El Morro which was excellent($20 cab ride each way), renting a car and going to El Yunque and Loquillo beach(pretty good), and taking the sailing and snorkeling trip with EastWinds Catamaran(kid friendly) which was excellent. The only thing that I would consider doing differently is perhaps staying closer to the east coast, such as the Westin or Las Casitas. We were scheduled to do the bio bay but were too tired after the snorkeling. I didn't want to drive back the next day, but if closer, would have considered it. Overall it was a good, quick vacation with warm weather. Certainly better that NJ which had temps in the 40's. ","annotations":[]}