{"text":"A great hotel with the advantages of a B We (2 adults, 1 infant) stayed there for about a week. Our room was clean and spacious and included a gas fireplace and a lake view. The decor throughout was neutral and tasteful. The service was outstanding and staff were very kind in helping us with things we needed for the baby (portable crib, extra towels, etc.) and for ourselves. We made a lot of use of the shuttle service to and from downtown. The stops are convenient, the service very friendly and they even had a carseat for our little one to sit in. The breakfast buffet was more than enough to fill us up for the morning and we enjoyed the all-day hot drinks service in the lobby. The 24-hour pool was great in the middle of the night when we were awake due to jet-lag. The complimentary guest laundry (washer\/dryer on most floors) was really handy and meant that we didn't have to bring a lot of extra clothes since we knew we could wash our stuff and the baby's things during the week. We brought our own detergent but I think the gift shop might sell single packets of powder for those in need. One negative of the hotel is its location; there's really not much in the area. Okay there are a few restaurants but not really for families or casual dining and not enough to keep you going for a whole week. There are really no other shops or cafes in the immediate vicinity. A supermarket or convenience store could be found within a 20-min walk but not closer than that. It's not a bad or dangerous neighborhood by any means, just kind of devoid of commerce. Oh, and hardly any restaurants even deliver to that neighborhood. It's just outside of the delivery range of most downtown restaurants and the few that do deliver in that area aren't very good. We were advised against some of them (reputation for yucky food) and the others that we did try were pretty awful all the same (cardboard pizza, overly-greasy stir-fry that caused bellypains). So if you're not prepared to get in the shuttle and\/or drive somewhere for meals, or if you need late-night sustenance, you might end up out of luck. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1902,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":1897}]}