{"text":"Five Star Service for a Solid 4 Star Hotel IGS was an excellent experience. Rooms were spacious enough, esp. for HK. Decor was very nice, with great electronic controls. Bathroom was modern and clean with granite countertops. Rooftop swimming pool and fitness center were very nice , clean and rejuvenating.Stayed with IGS for 10 nights in two segments, before and after a trip to Beijing. (Hotel held our luggage.). The location in E. TST was preferred by us since it was not in the middle of the busiest and noisiest parts of HK. Taxis were always waitng in the front of the hotel. 10 minute walk to the metro or train north into mainland China. Very nice shopping plaza with good food choices and shops directly across from the hotel. HSBC bank with ATM in the plaza (very convenient for account holders).Best part was the top-notch staff service. Special mention must be made of the Concierges and the Instant Message Telephone Operators. Every request I made was responded to immediately or research was done to provide me with the best possible response. I was impressed with how hard the staff worked to provide quality customer service. This was the best service I have ever received in a hotel\/ resort and I have travelled quite extensively in the continental U.S., Hawaii, the Carribean, Mexico and Canada, staying at highly rated timeshare resorts and hotels.I got a free upgrade to a partial harbor view room for the first part of my stay, which was quite wonderful and beautiful. The second part of my stay, a non-smoking room had smoke odor, especially bad in the bath, but then the hotel upgraded me to a high floor city view non-smoking room which was indeed free of smoke odor. Housekeeping requests were also met immediately.I loved this hotel and wished I could have my home in this hotel because the service was that good and luxurious. By the way, as stated in a previous post?, the staff remember the guest's name almost immediately. I agonized over hotel choices and I am so very glad we made the reservation at this particular hotel in HK. I highly recommend this first rate hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":657,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":653}]}