{"text":"Overall great place, but don't leave anything behind!! Overall, this was a great place to stay. Most of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The food.....AMAZING!! I dont think I've eaten so much in one week my whole life! Personally, I stuck to the buffet restaurant, the a la carte dinners were pretty crappy, in my opinion. The nightly entertainment was lacking, the shows were pretty talentless, but I would blame that on the dancers they hired from france...TERRIBLE!!! The disco played pretty good music, if your into reggaeton, salsa, merengue and bachata....but for those of you who dont know what that music is, your in trouble! Negative: The Language barrier! Most of the staff hardly speak any english, and the most rude staff was the front desk, they have no clue what customer service is. It took us 4 hours to check in, and one night I waited 17 min just to ask the front desk a question, simply because he was flirting with one of the waitresses. Good luck trying to make a phone call home, that was quite the ordeal, it took us 3 days before we were able to call Canada!On, the last day, we packed and headed for the airport, unfortunately my boyfriend remembered he had left is IPOD charging in our room, so the second we got to the airport we called the hotel, big mistake, we shouldnt have wasted the time or the money. They said they would check the room and call us back in 15 minutes, 45 minutes later, we called them back, and they said they hadn't checked the room yet, 30 min later, we called again, and the original man we were dealing with had left. We called again when got back to Toronto and another employee said that they checked and found nothing, but tried to blame the people that checked in after us. We said, the maid would of had to clean before they got there, but he cut us off saying she would never do anything like that. Clearly it was taken by one of the employees, b\/c i doubt IPOD's have a new feature that entails growing legs and running away! So we left with a bad taste in our mouth about the hotel.But, in the end, we still had a great time....Just be careful with your valuables! And learn some SPANISH!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":560,"mention":"merengue","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Meringue"],"startOffset":552}]}