{"text":"don't go for the food! Just came back from this resort May 16 - 22, 2008. The most beautiful pool  beach. The resort workers are very friendly that I will say. However, what you have read about the food is correct. Flies are everywhere in the restaurants, my boyfriend is still sick from being sick into our third day into our trip. The only good place to eat dinner is in the Japanese restaurant. The food is cooked in front of you and they are very generous with the portion sizes there. Steakhouse was just ok. The rooms are beautiful except for the fact of the bathroom you have absolutely no space in there. We did have one incident where I found a roach in the room @ midnight one night. We immediately went to the front desk and was told that someone would come up to spray. I'm sorry, but I was not comfortable with that answer. Yes, the desk clerk changed our room from a King - to two double beds! Go figure that - the bellman who help us with our luggage realized that that was not the right thing to do. Five minutes later the front desk called us to tell us they will put us in a room with a king size bed - why he could not do that the first time is beyond me. Anyway, the room he put us in, had ants crawling all over the phone. We were too exhausted to change again, however they did come to spray the next day. If you notice in the maid's cart, they have roach spray. ugh....was not happy to see that. Again, as everyone says remember to bring $1 bills for tips. We tipped everyone - they work very hard there to make your stay as pleasant as possible. If you want to go to they gym - Don't!! It smells so bad and plus most of the equiptment is broken. And the casino smells as well, and the staff there is not friendly at all!!Make sure that you come with all your personal items as the gift shop there is very, very expensive!! $10.00 for a tube of toothpaste and $6.00 for a toothbrush!! Sorry, but...I don't think I would go back there again. I would think about booking this resort for your vacation. ","annotations":[]}