{"text":"Ups and downs at Hotel Vitale My entire family met in San Francisco for my little brother's 21st birthday. We decided on staying at Hotel Vitale since my parents had stayed there and were really treated well on a prior trip to SF. We booked four rooms for the entire weekend far in advance for the trip. The hotel is very chic and has a great atmosphere, but after checking in we realized that we were put in rooms that looked onto another fold in the building directly next to the entire air conditioning unit for the hotel. We were unsure about whether we would need an additional room for our stay and at check-in the receptionists mentioned that it would be easy to book another room. However when we asked whether any other rooms were available with a better view, we were told that the hotel was completely full. As my entire family was arriving at different times, we figured that we would check back when everyone arrived to see if the hotel was able to accomodate our request. When my parents arrived, the hotel checked them into one of the rooms we had already checked in to and noted that it would be impossible to switch any of the rooms.After finally checking into all the rooms and a little more convincing, the hotel was able to locate nicer rooms for our stay. Despite the hassle, it was nice to switch rooms. All in all, the hotel is very nice, with a pretty hip bar connected to the lobby. The hotel is in perfect location to check out the Ferry building, walk to Union Square, or explore Chinatown. The rooms are nice and the beds are extremely comfortable. Additionally, the hotel has a very relaxed feeling and the staff is extremely polite. Without the headache upon check in my entire family enjoyed the stay. The only other issue was the bellman's insistance that we take a hotel car instead of hailing a cab. We needed two cabs and we only going about 10 blocks, but the bellman seemed hesitant to hailing a cab with the sedans parked in the entrance way. The best offer the cars could manage was $20 per car. After hailing our own cabs, the fare was $6. There seemed to be some collusion between the hotel and the car company. Hotel Vitale may want to follow Le Meridien's lead of offering free hotel car service with advance notice. ","annotations":[]}