{"text":"Good concept; mediocre execution I stayed here almost two years ago in a 3 star room which included a bathroom, and I had a great experience. This time I was in a 1 star room with a shared bathroom, and I have to say I did not enjoy the hotel this time. A few things: a) the room itself was extremely bland, to the point of being ugly - there comes a point where minimalism and the cool just turn into unattractive and shabby; b) the shared bathroom concept is just poorly executed here. OK I accept not all rooms can have private bathrooms - fine. But if we are forced to share, at least make the experience as comfortable as possible. This isn't a hostel (or is it?) so guests should be entitled to some degree of privacy, even in a shared setting. First of all there are no male\/female washrooms - just one for everybody. Secondly there is no separation between the showers and the sink area. It would be easy to put a locking door on each shower cubicle so you have an area to get dressed, towel off, etc without trying to do so in a wet shower stall or a public room. Finally the condition of the showers were absolutely deplorable. They just appear dirty and run down, and the shower nozzle itself looks like it is from the 60's. Generally the staff\/management of this hotel seem to have decided on their own version of what is cool, even when in another setting it could be described as cheap and lazy.I also had to comment on the TV channels in the rooms. I know you don't come to Amsterdam to watch TV, but after a long day I like to pop it on to fall asleep to. There is one channel on the TV that plays a video over and over again which is all about airport disasters, hijackings, plane crashes, etc. There is graphic footage of planes crashing to the tune of Do the Hustle. Personally I am blown away by how idiotic and insensitive it is to play this video in a tourist hotel. Why the hell would you play a plane crash video in a place where you know that 95% of people go straight to Schiphol Airport when leaving? It's pretty sick and twisted - though the Lloyd management seem hell bent on finding out how uncomfortable they can make their guests while still getting paid. ","annotations":[]}