{"text":"Loved our stay here This is not a five star hotel, but I give it five stars for being all that we expected and more. We trusted the majority of reviews here at Trip Advisor and booked two rooms (Poet's) one for myself and husband, and one for my two daughters (14 and 18) for three nights. We had just spent a rainy cool week piloting a houseboat up the Burgundy Canal, so almost any room would seem luxurious at this point! We stayed in room 22 on the second floor facing the street and my daughters had room 20 in the back- across the hall. They changed the reservation from a double bed to two singles for them- very nice. Our room was better, it had a tub and bit more space, but nobody complained. I didn't find it too small- we had closet and shelf space, two cubby hole shelves beside the bed and a writing desk. We had working windows in the bedroom and bath and a good a\/c system which was digitally controlled and quiet. Even though we faced the street, it was a very quiet street so we were never bothered by noise. We enjoyed the small refrigerator for storing our drinks and cheese. The flat screen TV worked well. The free internet in the lobby was a nice perk. We wrote to the hotel twice before our trip with questions about the metro connections and they answered promptly. We didn't really have opportunities to talk to the staff, but they were warm and friendly and helped us with a few needs. We didn't eat breakfast in the lobby, but found many other places at every turn. The block is well served by many bistros, restaurants, boulangeries, wine shops, two markets and a laundry across the street. I am very happy that we chose a less touristy area to stay, as we didn't spend time in the room but needed to sleep well at night. We also enjoyed people watching from the Rue Cler cafes- lots of fun. We thought this hotel was a very good bargain for Paris. It was exceptionally clean, quiet and had lots of charm. I have always preferred small, family run places in Europe for the personal touch and authenticity. We were very happy with our stay and will definitely return to this hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1169,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1165}]}