{"text":"Loved it awesome! Pittsburgh PA My husand and I got back from the Sirenis; we stayed 2\/25\/08-3\/3\/08. Going thru the airport customs was a breeze, Our flight arrived at noon. the ride to the resort was about an hour long, but we enjoyed seeing the country side, you go thru the more populated area near Bavaro Beach the ride is a bit bumpy, but sit in the front of the air conditioned bus and you don't really notice it (all of the roads in DR are bumpy). When we approached the resort it was just beautiful, gates open to a palm tree lined road that brings you to the front of the resort. We checked in with no problems, infact our room was ready when we got there 1:30pm. We were greated with a cocktail as we waited. Our room was nice, building L - we had an ocean view, the a\/c seemed low for what we are use to I called the front desk and they returned with room darkening curtains  the ac was great. Be careful if you go on the balcony- the sliding door is self locking, we got locked out, but my husband did manage to get us back in. The grounds are spotless, bars and restaurants everywhere. the staff was very friendly, everyone greats you with an OLA ! The beach was beautiful; the tall palm tree's sway with the breeze from the ocean. It was much hotter around the pool area; which is also fantastic, you have a low end, deep center and gradually back to low waters - fun for everyone. I did join in a water aerobic class while my husband sat in a nearby shaded cabana with a cocktail. The food was ok, we always found something to eat. The afternoon beach bbq is the best, we did try the japanese restaurant which was also fantastic - they cook right infront of you. We went into the casino, but didn't stay long. We hit the disco last night we were there  had a blast!, it is small very cold a\/c and our drinks were free, I read other reviews that said you had to pay; we didn't. We also saw some of the nightly show's; they were enjoyable. The staff works around the clock; the animation team is near poolside by day, putting on nightly entertainment shows after 8pm and then go work the disco around midnight, We did the safari outback excursion which was alot of fun, and once again..free cocktails all day long; you get to see the real dominican republic; the folks were fantastic. We also went deep sea fishing - caught 3 40 pound mahi. We were told by the tour guide that we were there during the winter season; it's the coolest; temps were 85 degree's everday! great for me considering we left a snowstorm in Pittsburgh, PA the day we left, When we layed on the beach we stayed near the watersports; it says you can't swim in the area, but you can. It was less crowded than the main area - this was straight out from our building L and it worked perfectly for us. There are vendors on the beach, yes they are pushy, but just say no and they understand, We did get some free shots of mamajuana and a free cigar for my husband each tine we visited; they loved us and we had a great tine with them.This was our first all inclusive trip ; everything was fantastic, the bar staff was always right there checking to see if we needed anything, as did the waiters and waitresses. We had NO problems with bugsOverall fantastic time; would we go back, YES !! definately ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2347,"mention":"pound","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pound_cake"],"startOffset":2342}]}