{"text":"Just look at the water view! Recently stayed three weekend nights at this property. Overall the property is up to the chains's standards: clean, good bed, plenty of tv channels, etc. However, this property is not without its quirks.A previous poster mentioned the u-shaped design of the property wherein your view is that of your neighbor's room prompting closure of drapes of all times. This is not technically correct as the hotel is actuially E-shaped, so the chances of getting a room with a view of your neighbor is double!I had one of these rooms the first night and requested an outer-facing room for the remainder of my stay. I received a south-facing room on the seventh floor with a lovely balcony which afforded terrific views to the right of the water. However, looking forward, one's view was of the elevator\/stairs to Pike Place Market. This is a much used access and is filled with families, business folks, vacationers and, sometimes, a couple of guys smoking crack (I assume) in broad daylight!I stayed on the concierge floor and can report that the lounge is decently equipped with all-day fruit, soft drinks, coffee and bottled water. Food presentations were unimpressive but tasty.The lounge itself seemed a bit small for the property, easily filled to capacity with guests (and this was a weekend). I saw many guests taking food back to their rooms because of the lack of seating.The lounge staff was intermittantly available but in general courteous and helpful. Some staff seemed less-than-well-versed in local restaurants and\/or food quality as I was sent to place with the best prime rib that proved to be just about awful. The downstairs concierge seemed more knowlegeable albeit much busier.The hotel restaurant was very good. Staff were knowlegeable, wine selections thoughtful and food very good to excellent. Seems many locals come to enjoy the food and outdoor bar\/patio.The waterfront location afforded spectacular views of the Sound and easy access to the cruise, ferry and tourist boat terminals. Also at hand are many trinket stores as well as many seafood restaurants (of which Elliot's is very good). Access to the main town is either via steps or elevators. And then you walk under a highway viaduct (strewn with garbage) and uphill a couple more blocks. So people with below average physical conditioning (or anyone late at night) should consider taking a taxi.Next time in town, I think I'll forgo the lovely view and stay somewhere a bit more centrally located. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1134,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1128}]}