{"text":"A wonderful experience! After reading several disappointing reviews, we were concerned about the reservation we had made for this property. We contacted the hotel directly and were informed that renovation would be starting the month after we would be here. I saw on Trip Advisor that some of the rooms had been renovated, but not all of them. We were assured that we would be well taken care of and decided to stick with our reservation. Upon our arrival at the hotel, we were informed that we had been upgraded to a mini suite and it was beautiful and spacious. The bed was larger than king size and was entered through double doors off the living room. There was a walk-in closet with separate hanging areas for my husband and myself - all paneled in a beautiful cognac colored wood stain. The bathroom was extremely large with double sinks - a separate glassed in area for the toilet and bidet, and then a large tub and separate shower at the end of the room. The shower had several different spray heads aimed at various areas of one's anatomy which was great. We thought the staff was cordial, courteous and personable. Our only regret was the fact that they were having a wedding reception the night of our arrival and so the main public room was closed off to the hotel guests - but was open the next morning. We believe it's always a good idea to communicate with your hotels before arrival and have had excellent service and attention when we have done this. We did hear from other guests that their rooms were not renovated yet, but were large and spacious. I would add that my husband and I both had massages while we were there and they were two of the best we've ever had! The breakfast buffet was included in our room rate and we were delighted with the choices as well as the service. The setting was elegant and beautiful. We will definitely return to this property for not only it's excellent location, but also for the attention and service we received as guests. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":772,"mention":"cognac","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cognac"],"startOffset":766}]}