{"text":"We loved it! We stayed at the Affinia 50 for one night - Dec 22 to 23rd - the very busy, last weekend before Christmas. Our stay here was a pleasant surprise. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone. It is particularly nice for business travelers or families who want larger, suite-type accommodations.We learned about the hotel through a low rates type travel e-mail, and booked a King bed + sofabed room for a very good rate. Upon arriving, the reception staff discovered we had children with us and immediately upgraded us to a HUGE corner suite. We didn't even ask! No extra charge! The suite was amazing - clean and HUGE. Separate kitchen area with a stove, fridge\/freezer, microwave, dishwasher, dishes, etc. Enormous living room area with the pull-out sofa already made up for our kids and 19th floor City views along two walls. Eating area with a dining table that sat four. Plenty of closet and drawer space - even a small walk-in closet. Our kids thought they were movie stars, the place was that nice. Our bedroom was equally spacious and well appointed. Large screen TVs in both rooms and high end grooming products in the bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and the rooms were quiet. The Website description and photos really didn't do the place justice. Every staff member that we encountered was very polite and nice, and even apologized for getting on to the elevator with us. We did not have to wait to check in, check out, check our baggage, or get an elevator. And as I mentioned previously, this was peak Christmas season in NYC - we anticipated large crowds, long waits and plenty of rude NY citizens and staff. We encountered none of these. If I need to find any flaws with this establishment (and I really have to think hard...) I would say that there was a little bit of water damage in the bathroom, but nothing that affected the cleanliness of it - there was no mildew or antiquated bathtub caulk - and the bathroom was on the smaller size. But in NYC, I expect things to be a little on the efficient, space-saving side. The other thing I noted was that the cabinets in the kitchen were on the low-budget side, but I was so tickled to even have a kitchen in my suite, I really didn't care! I did not take note of the decor; everything seemed tastefully done to me and the furniture was of nice quality; nothing stood out as old or tacky.The location is IDEAL. It is a couple of blocks from Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's, Radio City, the great shopping on Fifth Avenue, etc. We had 9AM tickets for the Christmas Spectacular at Radio City, and all we had to do was walk out the front door, turn right, walk 4 blocks and enter Radio City. The location made it easy for us to walk to the Sony Wonder Technology Lab  Museum and the Museum of Modern Art (both wonderful attractions and free on Friday nights!) There are great restaurants at all price levels and cuisine types a block away from the hotel, and even a McDonald's around the corner. If you drive into the City, the hotel offers valet parking at competitive rates, or there are lots on 50th or 51st streets. There is a subway station very close by, so you really don't need a car to get around.Again, I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone. It is particularly nice for business travelers or families who want larger, suite-type accommodations. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1021,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1017},{"endOffset":2332,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2328}]}