{"text":"Friendly staff - enjoyable stay We stayed from 14-20 September and had a very happy time. My most significant complaint was our arrival which was very poorly handled by the reception staff - we had originally made a reservation for 5 nights and subsequently added an additional night on the front in a separate reservation. I emailed the hotel to ask that they link the two reseravtions and they replied to confirm that they had done so and that we could stay in one room throughout the 6 nights covered by the two reservations. Upon arrival at 3pm in the afternoon we were told that we would need to change rooms after the first night and that only a twin was available and not a King as booked (per my Hhonors profile). After much delay they agreed we could stay in the same twin for all six nights but this got us off to a disappointing start and, as I've often found at Conrad Hotels, my Gold Hhonors status didn't seem to count for much at check in, although we were offered a daily complimentary breakfast which was very welcome.Breakfast was fine - good choice of foods, and best of all your order for eggs, bacon etc was taken at your table and prepared freshly before being delivered to your seat so no waiting in line for hours at an omlette station which I dislike enormously. The restaurant staff were charming as they were throughout the resort. Every staff member greeted us as they walked past and always tried to be helpful when we approached them and that will be my overriding memory of our stay.Most days we spent on the beach - we always found beds available which were comfortable. The hotel drinks service on the beach was almost non existent which was disappointing. All the earlier reviews have criticised the beach and it's true that it is far from Bali's best but the pools are so extensive and virtually empty that it presented little problem. The beach runs for miles and it's nice to walk along it, taking a look at the other hotels that neighbour the Conrad. These are mostly all inclusives which probably explains why there are few restaurants around the immediate vicinity of the Conrad but there's a much better choice a short cab ride away.Upon the recommendation of another reviewer we used the private laundry service directly opposite the hotel which was great value and we also took up the offer from the lady's husband of a car ride the following day. We paid 300k rupees for 5 hours and were taken to Ubud which was ok but not all it's cracked up to be.We used the local spa services rather than pay Conrad prices for our massages but we did visit the gym, jacuzzi, sauna and steam which were great.Restaurants in the hotel were quite pricey - we ate at the beachside restaurant a couple of times and enjoyed great coffee and ice cream in the lobby bar. Wireless internet in the lobby was free but slow - quicker if you paid for service in your room.The rooms were comfortable and attractively furnished and the bathrooms were great - only gripe was the toiletries which were unbranded and cheap.All in all a relaxing and pleasant stay. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2761,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2755},{"endOffset":2775,"mention":"ice cream","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Ice_cream"],"startOffset":2766}]}