{"text":"better than star rating My girlfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights on 12th Nov, absolutely spot on! From the polite reception staff to the room itself. We were allocated a balcony room (109) even though we only booked a normal room. No noise from the street below and we were on the first floor. Room itself was perfectly adequate for our needs, although we didnt spend much time there!!! Only thing that let the room down was the tepid water in the power shower, no matter what we tried we could'nt get it hot, that was a minor niggle though! 2 day safe hire was E5.75. Location was fine, 5 mins stroll from Ramblas, a little way into El Raval but at no time did we feel intimidated or uncomfortable. We are already planning another visit next year and will be using the same hotel.We were very vigilant looking out for any pickpockets etc...but can honestly say we saw absolutely nothing, I had a small money pouch that I carried under my arm so felt quite at ease. Food was fantastic, we ate at Quinze Nits one night and The Attic on Ramblas another. Both times fantastic, Quinze Nits was cheap as chips too but get there early, large queues later.Done the touristic bus, well worth it, Sagrada Familia can only be seen, no words can describe how unbelievable it is. Montjuic cable car was good, although we thought it went from where the bus drops you up to the castle then down to the marina, there are actually 2 cable car systems, the one down to the Marina is located a bit lower down from the one to the castle! The only time we nearly fell into a tourist trap was when we had been recommended Nuria retaurant at the top of Ramblas, we went to the door, a lady in a long black coat was a doorperson, we had looked at the menu outside and proceeded to enter Nuria as the prices were very reasonable, as we approached, the lady said we could go in a side entrance???? It was actually a glass door 2 feet to the left! So up the stairs we went and into the restaurant, shown to a table, there was only about 8 people in and checked the menu. To our shock the prices were double to the menu outside advertised. Me and my girlfriend decided to walk out, we got back outside the restaurant and the doorlady asked if we wanted to eat downstairs, she got told what to do!!! When looking back at the restaurant facade you could see the restaurant we were taken to was actually called Barco (sp) She had obviously been told to try and get peple into the more expensive restaurant first! So beware. But that was the only downer on an otherwise fantastic place and that was minor. English style bars were few and far between, Irish pub prices...you're looking at around 11 euros for 2 pints!!! After that we drank in the Hard Rock on Placa Catalunya, 7 euros for 2 pints. Nice one. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2728,"mention":"Rock","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rock_candy"],"startOffset":2724},{"endOffset":2774,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2770}]}