{"text":"Pleasantly surprised! After spending several nights reading the positive and negative reviews for this resort, my boyfriend and I were not sure what to expect. We were grateful for the advice posted by other travelers, in particular, the notes to bring along:$100 in singles, insect repellent, bug spray, stomach relief meds, toys\/school supplies to give as gifts to staff, Spanish-English translatorRECEPTION DESK SERVICES:The staff are very courteous and proficient in English. Our room was not ready when we arrived at 2:45pm (regular check-in is at 3:00pm) and we ended up waiting until 4pm. This was not a big deal though, because the staff were very apologetic and we enjoyed pina coladas at the lobby bar until our room was ready.Check-out ran smoothly. We traveled under Apple Vacations, so we did not need to worry about finding airport transportation to or from the resort.ROOM:We had a jacuzzi suite. The room was spacious and the jacuzzi was very nice. There were little ants crawling on the wall when we arrived and black specks in the tub (which we had anticipated based on Trip Advisor reviews). After going over the wall and doorway with bug spray and rinsing out the tub, both problems were solved for the duration of our stay. The doors are not insulated very well from the outside, so we put a small towel at the bottom of the door to keep bugs out and cold air in. We did not have any electrical problems with our room. HOUSEKEEPING:The maids did not speak English, but were very polite and reliable. We left them notes in Spanish for additional items (bottled water, hand towels) and they were quick to oblige. The room was pretty clean each day, but I've done better jobs in my bathroom at home. BARTENDERS  WAIT STAFF:The service is very good. Although we tipped whenever possible, we did not notice any differential treatment when we did not have cash on us.ROOM SERVICE:The service typically took 25 minutes or less. The chicken and fish dishes are very good.RESTAURANTS:The breakfast and lunch restaurants are decent. Nothing to write home about.There is a wide variety of dinner restaurants. I love seafood, but I have to say that a lot of the fish served at the resort was too fishy for me. The room service fish in mushroom sauce was the only dish that did not strike me was being overly fishy. My boyfriend really enjoyed the chicken and beef dishes available.We dined at La Dolce Vita twice because it was so good. The tiramisu is excellent.GROUNDS: The grounds are beautifully manicured. Our pictures do not do it justice. The guest areas by the beach are great. We never had any problems finding ourselves a nice shady spot under a palapa.POOLS: Hooray for the swim-up bar! I was a little paranoid of getting beetles and dead leaves in my hair, but they try their best to keep it clean for an open-air pool. ACTIVITIES:Horseback riding was included with our package, so we enjoyed a scenic ride along the beach. You should bring a towel to put over the saddle because your pants will get dirty from the saddle and sides of the horse. We also signed up for snorkeling, but we had to cancel due to weather conditions.The nightly shows aren't Broadway, but they were entertaining and the dancers are talented. After each show there is live music in the main lobby. One night the resort turned one of the lobbies into a nightclub and it was fun to drink and people watch. MISC:As many other travelers pointed out, Royal Service is not necessary for an enjoyable stay.I have the Spanish proficiency of a native 2-year-old (counting to 10, hola, gracias, etc.) but the language barrier was not really an issue. Just make sure that when you are making a reservation for a restaurant or activity that the day of the week and the calendar date are being translated correctly. We made a reservation for dinner at El Romantico for Friday night but were penned in for the date of Thursday night. (The restaurant was understanding and let us stay anyway.)I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a relaxing, romantic getaway. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2458,"mention":"tiramisu","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tiramisu"],"startOffset":2450},{"endOffset":2645,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2641}]}