{"text":"A truly amazing experience Returned this week after staying at the Blue for 9 nights - a business trip. Just before I left I was advised of some adverse comments about the hotel on the Trip Adviser site - so I arrived at 7 am on a (cold) Sunday morning with a little apprehension.As soon as I arrived at the hotel any apprehension quickly went. From the moment I arrived to when I left my stay was perfect. The staff do have a different attitude to most 5* hotels - they are not sycophantic, they are young, always happy, take great pride in the hotel and are very professional. I was upgraded to a Marina room which was large, well furnished and decorated, very clean and had a lovely view of the bay and the city skyline. The bathroom was large, a huge bath and shower and lots of good quality shampoo etc. The room was cleaned early every day by staff who made a great effort to make sure that I was happy and well looked after. I was a solo guest, a woman of 50+ and therefore it is important that I felt safe and secure. The hotel is very safe because of its design - rooms are only accessible by a secure lift system and the staff quietly observe that you are OK.The atmosphere in the bar in the evening (especially Friday and Saturday was terrific, noisy, great music and full of people happy and having fun. My colleagues who were staying at the Intercontinental came over every evening because their bar was like a morgue.The pool is lovely and the gym although small is well equipped. Breakfast is service and not the usual buffet stampede, which gave a calm start to hectic business days and there is lots to choose from. Dinner was not so good but there are several very good restaurants in the hotel complex - recommend Manta (who also do a 2 course lunch for $39 including a glass of wine).The hotel is in an old wharf building which has a lot of history and congratulations to all the people who fought to save it from being demolished and turned into a boring luxury resort marina complex. The location is excellent long boardwalk outside the hotel and within 5 minutes you are in the Botanic Gardens which runs down to the harbour and along to the Opera House, Bridge, Circular Quay and the Rocks, however beware of the lunch time runners and joggers.An exceptional hotel suitable for everyone who wants to experience something different, is open- minded and likes style. ","annotations":[]}