{"text":"Not too bad. not that great - Has the basics My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights in the middle of November. We stayed in room 9 (1st floor). The staff was great - friendly, helpful, and very attentive. While the hotel is not located in the middle of the city, it was a short walk to the main sites and the train station. A short walk is not a big deal at all - when you visit Italian cities, you walk and you walk a lot. In 10 - 15 minutes you'll be at Ponte Veccio and the Uffizi. The room was medium sized although the tv was extremely small. That said, who really cares about the tv . . . you are in Florence! (the only english channel was CNN). The bathroom was enormous - tub, shower and a ton of floor space.Breakfast was alright, but our experience at 2 other hotels in Rome and Venice is that breakfasts in Italy are generally nothing great - nothing like American breakfasts. This place had some different cereals, scrambled eggs, bread, fruit, and juice.The main issue was that the hotel room did not have heat. The heater\/AC unit did not work. After the 1st night, I told the staff and was told it would be look at it. We came back later in the afternoon and it still was broken. I asked for another room - Florence was cold at night in mid Nov - and was told there were nothing available. The following morning we again mentioned the issue and were told that it would be fixed that day. We came back in the afternoon and were told it was fixed. We checked and, of course, it did not work. We asked to move to another room and were brought to room 3. I first checked the heat before we moved and it did not work either. We stayed in our room since we only had one additional night.Another issue was that the phone in the room did not work. After the first night, we were told that the problem was somewhere in the walls and was complex to fix. The staff offered us the use of the phone behind the desk or in their office, even offering to have the people leave the office and close the door. The phone in other room we were brought (but did not move to) worked.If it wasn't for the heat issue, the rating would be above average - but it was cold. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":948,"mention":"bread","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":943}]}