{"text":"Couldn't ask for better I spent a lot of time reading reviews from travellers and I was prepared to experience a small room, not so friendly staff, ac that doesn't work, etc. Yes, our room was small, but it was also very CLEAN!! That is so much more important than the room size. We had no problems with our ac and not a single bug or piece of mold was to be found in our room (others have mentioned that in their reviews). The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. It was an awesome location. The beach is right across the street, the bus stop is right in front of the hotel (which was convenient since we didn't rent a car). I do recommand checking out www.thebus.org and looking at the bus schedules. We did this before our trip and it made it so easy because we knew what # bus would take us where and what time they came by.Just about everything was in walking distance (shops, international marketplace, zoo, beach, food, etc). There is a restaurant located on site, but we didn't use it. We opted for sushi on the strip and places like the food court in the international marketplace. Every Sat and Sun night right on the beach they have a big screen up to play movies and local vendors have booths with their food out. It was a very relaxing vacation and we plan on going back in the soon future and will definitely stay at this hotel again. If you like to fish, there is a pier right across the street from the hotel where you can fish (don't need a license) and all you need for bait is bread, You can even snorkel right there on the Waikiki beach. I didn't think there would be many fish there with all the people swimming (normally that scares the fish away), but we saw just as many fish there as we saw at Haunama Bay. If you are planning on heading to a luau, definitely go to paradise cove. The best for your money!! There are also people on the street that will try to get you to go to a timeshare promotion. They promise it will be 90 mins, we tried this only because they offered us 2 tickets to paradise cove and 2 tickets to a sunset dinner cruise (we would have paid over $250). Though the 90 mins was really 3 hours, it was worth it for the free tickets (which also included shuttle to and from).If you have any questions about the hotel don't hesitate to ask. :) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1506,"mention":"bread","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":1501}]}