{"text":"Great location, small rooms but good value overall Summary: Excellent location, just minutes from Opera, Lourve and the shopping area. Metro stop very nearby and airport access is easy. Slightly dated small rooms but functional and good value for Paris. Above average service. Recommended.Location: Just about a perfect location as you are never too far from anything. Opera is about a 5 minute walk to the east. Metro Pyramides is literally a 2 minute walk. Lourve Museum is less than 10 minutes. If you are after some name-brand shopping, all the major shops are 5-10 minutes away, including Printemps (get the 10% off coupon from the lobby's Printemp's map) and Gallery Lafayette. The chain store, Monoprix, which has a supermarket at the basement, is just next to the Pyramides metro station. It is open until 22:00 M-F and 21:00 on Saturdays. Keep in mind it's closed on Sundays.Rooms: We actually stayed in two rooms in three nights. I couldn't quite understand how they run their business, but we were put into a room with twin beds pushed together the first night (room 15) and told that the next day, we'd be moved to room 11, a true double room, as she needed the twin room for another booking on our second day. She also told us they'd move our luggage for us as long as we can get everything packed. Even though it was definitely inconvenient and points off for service, we didn't raise an issue with her and our luggage was taken care of perfectly. The two rooms are comparable in every aspect. The room is very small and so is the closet. There is a dresser table but it's so small that once I put my computer on it, I couldn't put anything else there. The bathroom is of reasonable size and very clean. The room is very clean as well but somewhat dated with some chipped paint and wallpaper. A small elevator, just enough to take 2 people with luggage, does the job adequately. CNN is available for the English audience on the flat screen TV. Free WiFi internet is available after you get a password from the front desk. The bed is nice and firm although the heat was not turned on for one of the nights.Service: Spotty but overall the attitude is helpful. Our room was still not ready by 4pm (although we did say we were checking in at 5pm originally). The lady who checked us in (the one who does not wear glasses) in the afternoon was ok but was not apologetic for making us switch rooms. She was helpful at other times though. The male for the night shift was friendly but gave us wrong information to get to the airport. The lady in glasses in the morning is the best as she is very friendly and chatty and told us exactly the best way to the airport despite our heavy luggage. See below.Airport Tip: take RER B until you reach Les Halles - Chatelet station. Then transfer to line 14 for just a one stop ride to Pyramides. There are escalators for the transfer, and there is actually an elevator at one of the Pyramides exits at Ave de l'Opera that reaches street level so you never have to climb a step even if you have a lot of luggage. Total cost of the journey is just 8.20 Euro. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":672,"mention":"Gallery","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Gallery_Hotel"],"startOffset":665},{"endOffset":2758,"mention":"Les Halles","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Brasserie_Les_Halles"],"startOffset":2748}]}