{"text":"Good and Bad Family of 4, 2 boys 11  14 stayed at this property from Mar 22-29. I first want to start by saying I read every review on this AI property from the last 2 years. It is most helpful to get other peoples ideas and suggestions to help you create your own 'perfect' vacation. However what you read and what you experience are by far not the same thing......I'm not going to go on and on like others about all the negatives, but I will point out some! Lets start out by saying I walked in with an open mind....Air Canada Vacations were awesome, no problems from home to the Occidental, we had two rooms and our TA requested side by side we had bldg #10 210\/212. Funny thing is from this board I got the impression I should be in bld 26 or 13 3rd floor. But you know in a rain storm 2nd floor was much better for flooding reasons. Building 10 is close to everything except for the beach which is a 5 min walk. So I was pleased with #10I think each traveller must first decide what they want out of there vacation, most my expectations were met. Sure the rooms were a bit dated, but my bed was soooo comfortable and the pillows were fluffy. I shook my housekeepers hand first time we met and everyday left her a little gift tip. Can't say it gave me better service, but established a good relationship with her. Nothing was taken and we had everything we needed.All the property staff were friendly or cordial except for the pool towel lady (she was miserable) after a couple days you would see the same guy\/gal at the buffet in the morn and then again at an al la carte in the evening, they worked long hard hours. I tipped usually when they least expected, they were more gratefull and it made me feel good!!!Alot of what you read on the board about the wonderful beaches the food being the same every day, entertainment late and not plentyfull the grounds being emaculate the drinks being so so ,hard to communicate with the staff, going so early for a spot on the beach, bring mugs for drinks etc. I would say yes this is all true, but the food was tasty and if you are nice to the staff they will recipicate 10 fold...a smile goes a long way!Unfortunatley we were there with the 2 days of Terential rains and 12 hour power outages and yes that day was unaceptable, you started to feel unsafe by 8:30 PM when you had no light and the toilets didn't flush etc. My disapointment was that the staff didnt go into emergency mode, people didnt know anything and no anouncments were made, the entertainment crew should of gone to the lobby and started things going to take peoples minds off the problems. Our safest place was in our room with candles. The staff were affected as much as the patrons, you could see they were trying to keep things normal thruout the day!1 week goes fast so you have to make the most of it, we did that, our vacation was filled with some 'iffy' moments and would I go back to this property NO I would not, Punta Cana YES, but first I would check out Jamaica or Cuba....I have been to other Carribean spots and always try to leave in good spirits. I would rate this property a 3 1\/2 stars overall I will repeat what another fellow trip advisor traveler said,,,,'If you want the same luxury as home, don't travel!!Overall I would say the Occidental Grand was getting old, we didnt get sick, so I trust the food preperation, the beach front was one of the largest nicest on Bavero beach, the staff worked hard to give you an overall experience from the grounds people-front desk! Ultimatley your vacation is what you make of it, so go enjoy the Sun and sand and don't sweat the small stuff.................. ","annotations":[]}