{"text":"Quaint hotel but quite a few quirks My husband  I just returned last Saturday from celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary at the Inn @ The Opera. We were given a 2 bath deluxe room on the 7th floor...room was nice  spacious but.....our 2nd night we found that none of the baseboard heaters worked! We reported this  they brought 2 PORTABLE HEATERS to the room(this made us believe that this was a known problem to them). We thought we'll make do with this.Wrong. While ironing our clothes the electricity tripped in the room since apparently their system was obviously overloaded.We were left in the dark  cold. We tried to make do  reported this the next day. They came but did nothing  basically left us with the portable heaters again. To make a long story short we tolerated this for FIVE NIGHTS  then they offered to move us to a similar room when those residents left since they said it'll take a while to correct the problem.The move was good (to the 6th floor)but by this time I was personally fed up.While we were on the 6th floor, we heard residents in the room we vacated the same day  which was right above us!Obviously they didn't fix anything, so as I said before, it seems that the problems are pre-existing  they just don't fix it. For the nightly rate charged one should not have to tolerate this.Like one of the viewers said there's a tip bill folder for the complimentary breakfast which they presented with alacrity each day. This was a great annoyance to me.Additionally, the breakfast was boring(mostly produced from boxes  packets)  were cling-wrapped for each consecutive day .The breads were STALE...I even saw some mildew on the bread  the CUT bananas were also recycled(one could see the browned edges).Our new rental car was dented  badly scratched by their valet parking  they pretended to not have any knowledge of how it was damaged...we had to complete a report with our rental car company....luckily we had full coverage on the car.Internet which is located in the lobby area (totally not private)was non-existent...forget about having any connection in your room.The staff are friendly but that doesn't compensate for the aggravation we had to go through.Don't think we'll stay there again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1613,"mention":"breads","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":1607}]}