{"text":"Excellent hotel We have just come back from our holidays in Italy. We stayed at Hotel David for 5 nights before moving on to Venice. This was the best hotel of the two. I picked Hotel David after reading reviews on this website and I was not disappointed. We had room 18 on the second floor. Our window opened to the back of the hotel and was very quiet. The hotel is situated near a very busy roundabout so it might not be so quiet in every room. Our room was very big and extremely clean. I cannot stress enough how helpful the staff was. We had a bit of a problem with our flight and arrived at midnight instead of 17:30. There was someone to great us and give us all what we needed for our first night as of course our luggage never turned up. They offered to help us to phone the airport and deal with our lost luggage but it arrived the following day.They provided us with a plug adaptor and a map of Florence with lots of info regarding where to take various buses to visit the sites. They also gave us excellent advise for restaurants. They always took time to answer our questions and have a little chat.We enjoyed walking around this part of the town as it felt more the real Italy. There are lots of small shops nearby and not that many tourists around.It takes about 15-20 minutes to walk from the hotel to the Ponte Vecchio. I would suggest not to walk along the river (maybe the first time as you can see the bridge and other sites from there) but there is quite a lot of traffic on that road. Just a street away, you can enjoy much more quieter streets with again lots of small shops that gives a good insight of people's way of life. Those streets also take you by very old houses and palaces that you would not see otherwise.Finally guests can use the Internet free of charge every evening from 19:30 to 22:30. This was a great way to check our emails and let people home know about what we were up to.On the whole, our stay at Hotel David was brilliant and we would go back there with no hesitation. ","annotations":[]}