{"text":"clothes stolen stayed at the grand for two weeks 23dec-6jan the we were upgraded to a junior master suit in block seven , we had originally booked to stayat the cameleon but the building was not complete. we were promised all the services of the cameleon..we recieved none we arrived at 10.30pm no welcome drink, checked in as normal. no private conciergeroom was nice but the fridge had not been closed properly and the drinks were warm and there were small bug runing around. the safe had been closed i called to have it opened after 3 days and numerous callsthey eventually opened the safe. the door to the toilet was locked, again i called twice and at 1am two staff arrrived armed with a table knife they eventually just broke the lock and said they would fix it tomorrow it was never fixed. beach towels should have been in the roomthis was hit and miss some days there was 1 other 3 and some none on new years eve we noticed my daughters evening top and bra top missing valued at $300 i went to the desk to report it they sent a security guard and i filled in a form they said they would investigate and check to see if it had been taken to the laundry. the next morning i went back to the desk i was told by vanessa nothing was found and the investigation was closed and there was nothing she could do. i obviously challenged her she said i could complain to the police so i asked her to call she refused she said i would have to call from my room where i would be charged she did offer in the end to call me a taxi to go to the police station at my own expense, i asked if she would accompany me as i dont speak spanish she refused and said it hads nothing to do with her after more heated discussion she reluctantly called my tour rep .. karin from nolitours who basically was as equally unhelpful said the police would give me hard time and it wasnt worth it i asked to speak to a manager but i was told he was a busy man!.the food in the resort was okay nothing special and majority of the time it was warm\/cold with the exception of the american grill where the food was actually served hot the staff away from the front desk worked hard the maid service seemsto depend on who you got as i had heard some good reports by other people the entertainment staff were amazing and my son(11) had a wonderful time with them one word of warning if you have a teenage daughter as i do (16) be aware that the staff continuously hit on her, making sugestive comentsand remarks and making her at times feel very uncomfortable. putting all that aside we had an okay time would i go back..NO WAY!!! ","annotations":[]}