{"text":"Loved the Argonaut We stayed at the Argonaut in early August 2007 for 3 nights and none of our group wanted to leave. To be fair, the regular rooms (which two of our group had) ARE indeed somewhat narrow, and the bathrooms are only average hotel sized, but the amenities, service, and location still make this a great hotel for the price  area. However, we were offered an internet upgrade for one of our rooms, and we took it -- best $50\/night we ever spent! We got a king suite (and the kids did not like the pull out sofa bed all that much except for the fact that it was in a HUGE living room with their own tv) in a suite that was about 1000 square feet. Since we were traveling with a family group, it made our room the perfect resting place -- there was a sofa, a couple of comfy chairs, several ottomans, and a dining room set, so we could all lounge around easily without sitting on the beds. The king sized bed, chair,  chaise in the other room were all comfy. The bathroom was spectacular -- huge with a separate shower and deep jacuzzi tub, bath salts, many large fluffy towels, scale (boo) . . . after an extensive vacation, the kids favorite thing was still the bathtub at the Argonaut.Cleanliness  service were both very good -- all the doormen, bellhops, and housekeeping staff were VERY friendly and went out of their way to be helpful and kind. The nightly wine tasting at 5 was very crowded, but the staff was warm  friendly, and never rushed anyone. Rather, they made it feel like, Of course we want you to relax and enjoy some wine. Here, have another glass. How was your day? For those of us in the group who do not drink, they had sparkling cider. Children were welcome. All the children we encountered were older (think mid-elementary school to teens) and well-behaved. Several of the kids were using Heelys in the large lobby area, but were always careful to stay away from the main doors. We never heard any kids running around or being obnoxious (one or two grownups, maybe, but overall it was a quiet, pleasant hotel). It was a very international hotel, as we encountered people from several different countries staying there. They offer a free tour of the area one morning per week, led by a Park Ranger, and that was really nice  interesting. It was an hour long, and only about a mile of walking, so still appropriate for older or younger visitors.You are right across the street from the piers, there is a Starbucks at the back corner (outside) of the hotel building, there are multitudes of restaurants within a four block radius (and there is another Starbucks and a Walgreens about four blocks away, for those of you who forgot toothpaste), a cable car stop across the street, and Ghirardelli Square is about a 2.5 block walk (uphill of course). You can't beat the location. One weird thing is that our window, which overlooked the cable car terminus, wasn't entirely soundproofed, in that you could hear the shhh-thunk of every car that drove over the cable car plates. All night long. You got used to it after an hour or so, but it was weird, given that you really couldn't hear the crowds at all. The city is pretty dead after about 9\/10 pm so it didn't bother us.If we travel to the area again, we will definitely stay here, it was a great hotel and yet another testament to reading reviews off Trip Advisor when comparing hotels -- nothing is perfect, but read enough reviews on a place here and you'll get a really good sense of it. I can understand why some people were disappointed in the size of their rooms (and am sure they will understand why I was not), but we also felt that smaller rooms were the standard in most of the hotels in the area, many of which were not NEARLY as nice as the Argonaut. The Hilton, Holiday Inn, and a few others were in the general vicinity, but the Argonaut really does top them in location and outward appearance (not having been inside the others, can't vouch there). The Wharf Inn is nearby, but is an outdoor-access motel.Overall, we really loved the Argonaut and thank everyone who posted reviews (good or bad -- you have to know what you are getting into!) for their recommendations. ","annotations":[]}