{"text":"Okay hotel with a few caveats We stayed at the Casablanca for a weekend in February. We had an okay experience, but expected a bit more given the hotel's extremely high ranking on TripAdvisor. We wanted to pass along a few caveats to others. First of all, on the plus side, the hotel does have a very interesting location--literally within sight of Times Square, yet just off the main streets and therefore not quite as crowded and noisy. This would be a great location for someone in New York principally to attend Broadway shows (although conversely, if you don't need to be right in Times Square and you're looking for a calmer base of operations, I would suggest a hotel further to the east or north). Also, the second-floor common area of the hotel is quite attractive, and the morning breakfast is quite ample and well-serviced.  We had a negative experience checking in, but I'm sure it was an isolated event. A bellman showed us to our room, and we unpacked, but when we left and returned a few hours later our key wouldn't work. Turns out the bellman walked us to the wrong room! We had to repack and move to the room next door, which was unpleasant, and we were suprised that no one apologized or made any efforts to simply rebook us to the other room. Other than that isolated experience, the staff seemed quite attentive and friendly. Our room was okay, but certainly nothing special. That's the key caveat to pass along--when you see a hotel ranked in the top 10 in New York City, you imagine a very elite, spectacular place. But keep in mind this hotel is a top hotel in the mid-market range; the ranking does NOT mean you'll have an amazing, luxury experience. Again, the only word I can think of to describe the room is okay; there were no glaring problems, but it's just a small, square room with a few pieces of furniture and a small bathroom.  We asked for a quiet room. We were therefore frustrated that our room was literally next to the elevator shaft, and we could hear every movement of the elevator. The check-in person said it was a quiet room because it was at the back of the building, not on the street. I wonder if that means you're in a no-win situation at this hotel--either you get a noisy room on the street or a noisy room near the back elevators. I suggest that noise-sensitive people be demanding and ask for a quiet room NOT next to the elevators, and see what you get. To be fair, it's tough to demand that a hotel in Times Square be perfectly silent! Overall, I certainly wouldn't say this is a bad hotel. It offers decent rooms and a nice breakfast in a very central location for a comparatively good price. People just need to be aware that this is not a five-star luxury hotel, and struggles with some of the same challenges (noise, small rooms, etc.) that other properties in New York do. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2579,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2575}]}