{"text":"Mixed review on the Huntington A large group of us stayed at the Huntington as part of my wife's office holiday celebration. On the plus side, the bell staff was friendly and willing to help with whatever we needed. Those people are serious about their jobs and deliver first-rate service. The location is very good, although a walk down to Union Square involves a very steep climb back up. There were several negative aspects, though. The most difficult for us was a certain unfriendliness towards children reflected in hotel policies. The most glaring of these was that the pool is limited to those 16 and older. While we understand the decision to make the pool a place for adults to relax, the hotel needs to be upfront about this. We had no idea that this was the case until our daughter (who was swimming quietly and under our supervision) was booted out. We were all quite disappointed by this. We were told that the hotel had an arrangement with a health club across the street that would let her use the pool, but it was a cold, windy evening in San Francisco and we weren't about to do that. Another problem involved the room we were given. We were supposed to have been placed in an upgraded or deluxe room (with the attendant higher price) but instead were put in a small room with a terrible view. The reservation was for three of us but the room had only one bed and we were treated with a certain annoyance when we asked for a roll-away for our daughter. (The front desk employees did not appear to be as service-oriented as the bell staff.) Once we realized we had not been placed in one of the nicer rooms, we mentioned this and the hotel offered to move us. We just asked that they only charge my wife's company for the room they gave us, which they of course agreed to do. Another significant problem involved the garage in which cars are kept. Apparently, the Huntington contracts with a garage next door that parks your car when you check in. This garage is horribly disorganized and when there were a large number of people checking out (as there were at 11:00 AM on the Sunday morning we left), the wait for a car was far too long. Some of my wife's co-workers spent up to an hour sitting on the curb, waiting for someone to bring their car to them. We decided to leave our bags with the bell staff and come back a couple of hours later. At that point, the wait was down to ten minutes or so as we were the only people needing a car at that point.So pluses were the bell staff,. the location, and the overall ambience. Negatives were unadvertised unfriendliness to children, what appeared to be minor incompetence by the front desk, and a terrible system for handling parking. Given the cost of the Huntington and the many alternatives in San Francisco, it's doubtful that we'll be back. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":967,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":963}]}