{"text":"New but tiny We stayed here for 3 nights split up with a side trip in between. We were newly arrived from America and wondering the streets looking for the hotel. The hotel is set a few feet off the street with no big signage to guide the way. Note to hotel: allowing guests to find the hotel is a good idea! You can literally be standing at the shop next to the hotel and not at all tell that the hotel is there!Once inside we found a tiny room with 2 tiny single beds. We had been told by the hotel that no double room was available even though we had booked one. It probably was better this way (our friends stayed at the Dorsett Seaview hotel with a double bed that was not much bigger than a single).The hotel is very new which is a plus. I've been to other scary old Hong Kong hotels and it is nice to have a bathroom not covered in mildrew. There is a flat screen TV on the wall with a handful of channels. No closet just one shelf. Needless to say we had to close our suitcases just to walk to the bathroom, either that or step through the suitcase. In order to pass each other in the hallway someone had to move to sit on the bed. The location is ok. The good thing is that it is on a quieter street so we did get some sleep. There are restaurants and a 711 plus McDonalds nearby (for those that have jetlag and need to leave their roomies to sleep). The bad thing is that it is a little bit of a hike to Nathan road. We didn't mind so much since Argyle St is a market street and we were able to get all sorts of yummy food and drinks there (sugar cane juice is awesome!). It could have been a bit closer to the action though especially at the end of a long day of walking.I would stay there again but only if I couldn't get a room at the Mingle. And I forgot to mention that the staff were only barely helpful. Don't bother asking for recommendations or any questions about the local area. They are absolutely no help. When we were leaving the hotel we were standing outside our room adjusting our bags. The maid asked if we were checking out and then went into the room to look for the tip then left. This was right in front of us!We only stayed there on the return from our sidetrip since no other hotel room was available for booking (Hong Kong was sold out). ","annotations":[]}