{"text":"The best place in Lovina Spent five days at Damai, each more fantastic then the previous. Some observations:- Expect to eat. The restaurant food, chef and staff are exceptional. Favorites were the morning bread basket and the tuna tartar on lemongrass stalks. We also opted to spend a day with the head chef which was a lot of fun and we learned a lot. We also took advantage of the complimentary room service often which appreciated after a long day of activity. Since Damai is rather removed from the rest of Lovina, be prepared to have most of you meals there. - Expect to plan outings. Damai is nestled up in the hills above Lovina and is not easily accessible without a vehicle. Fortunately, the Damai staff provides a full menu of interesting outings and will modify or create a trip just for you. We particularly enjoyed snorkeling Menjangan island, our trip to the market with the chef and visiting the sarong factory (the only place to buy a sarong). The hot springs were also nice but you have to run the gauntlet of merchants there and back. Our least favorite activities included a stop at Lovina beach (nothing but merchants) and the dolphin outing by traditional boat. If you've never seen a dolphin, perhaps this would appeal but the reality was very tacky as literally hundreds of boats jockey to view the same animals.- Expect quiet time. As noted, Damai is removed from Lovina so it's you, the staff and a few other guests. The bungalows provide good privacy and there's a real laid-back pace. - The spa is so-so. We spent a few hours in the spa - an open air hut close to the road and though the staff was courteous and competent, the facilities just don't match-up to similar resorts. I would advise arranging any services to happen in your room.Damai makes a great home to explore the surrounding area. Lovina itself was OK, but there was enough to see for a 3-4 day stay. The facilities and staff are fantastic, the food is beyond exceptional. Highly recommended. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":210,"mention":"bread","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":205}]}