{"text":"Just OK - Nothing to write home about! We were at the Bahia Principe from Jan 3rd to 10th. Didn't start off on the right foot with a 9 hour delay out of Montreal on our way down there! Didn't matter too much since the first day it rained in sheets the entire day - it allowed us to sleep in - so that wasn't too bad! We met up with our friends, 3 other families who were there during the Chritmas\/New Years celebrations - they raved about the fireworks.  This is not our first time in the Dominican - the first time we stayed at the Paradisus (MUCH better, more of a 5 ** than this place). However, this hotel was so overbooked that they upgraded us to the Ambar - which was very nice. Didn't have 2 rooms together the first night (we were 3 buildings away from the teens) and we had to really be persistant the next day to get adjoining rooms for our son and his friend - we only tipped the man at the desk after he arranged the rooms for us - he was lovely.Like everyone else said - this place is SO big - if you don't mind taking the little shuttle bus or walking - it's not bad. We probably wouldn't go back because we found it just too big for our taste. Most nights we opted not to go and see the shows if we were at the other end of the hotel - just not worth the hassle of getting there. Although, the Michael Jackson Show was entertaining... (that's the only one we made the effort to see). FOOD: The Ambar buffet was the best restaurant we ate at - too bad it was our last night! All the others were just mediocre to lousy! But food is such a subjective thing - you may find that you like it??!! House wines were not good at all. We were able to order an OK bottle of French wine at the Ambar on our last night.AIR CONDITIONING: Worked wellCLEANLINESS: Our room and bathroom was clean and spacious. Bed was comfortable.BEACH: The real reason to go to Punta Cana is for the beach! It is really long with soft white sand. If you like to walk along the beach it's great - you can go on for miles! There are palm trees on the beach and little palapas too so if you'd like to have shade, you can find it. After the first day when it rained the water cleared up and didn't have any seaweed or algae. it was refreshing and warm. Didn't have many problems finding chairs - however one of the members of our group would go down in the early AM to set aside chairs for us....WEATHER: The weather was rather pleasant - there was always a breeze - I think it must've been in the high 70's F to low 80's (somewhere in the mid to high 20's C). Our first trip was in March and there is quite a difference in weather from Jan to March...The only unpleasant incident we had was when I tried to get 2 beach towels from the Ambar towel attendant at the pool. Our maid had mistakenly taken our beach towels to be dirty and didn't\/couldn't replace them. In order for me to get 2 clean towels I would have had to put in a complaint with Guest Sevices against our maid (which I would never have done, she was wonderful!), go back to our room, and wait for 2 clean towels to be delivered!!!!!! Long story short (I decided to erase all the unnecessary details) even after speaking with the manager by phone there was no way I was going to get those towels!!!!!!!!!! A nice gentleman with a walkie-talkie who I assume was either a Manager or Superintendant asked me to wait a moment - he somehow retrieved 2 dirtly towels for me which allowed me to exchange them for 2 clean towels!!! Gheesh, one would expect to have better customer service when tourism is the biggest industry in the country - well, anyway..... The only reason we went here was because we were joining friends - I probably wouldn't choose to go back here if it were just our immediate family. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1923,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1918},{"endOffset":3257,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3253}]}