{"text":"Never again this place or booking through expedia!! This was my first all inclusive vacation. We chose this resort and country because the deal was spectacular, we were assured because it was a low travel time of year. The flight getting down was uneventful, and upon arrival there was difficulty right off the bat with our room. We paid for and reserved a pool view room, and were booked into a view of the construction of the resort next door. After returning to the desk and demanding the room we paid for, we were given a key to a room that SOMEONE ELSE WAS IN. Running from that room and someone else's belongings, we returned to the desk PISSED. We had been traveling for 14 hours at that point, and our rooms were a mess. We were finally given a pool view room, ground floor, with two smaller beds instead of the king we had booked. The food was LOUSY. The breakfast\/lunch bar cheeses were sweaty and looked like they'd been out for days. You had to make reservations for the restaurants which were usually booked up. My traveling partner, my boyfriend, got sick on the food. The doctor was hard to find, wasn't there the first time I went and knocked at night, and proceeded to show up at our room (did I mention we were respectively a medical student and a paramedic?) with a zip lock bag of pills! We were billed for the medical care, the booze was all generic, and the trip was horrible. The web site promised jet skiing, which was one of the reasons we chose the resort. Not only was there NO JETSKIING ANYWHERE, but the sailboats and motorboats were all grounded for the holiday (which no one mentioned) so we couldn't do ANYTHING. As avid scuba divers we were TICKED about that too. Finally, upon leaving, because of the holiday our flight was delayed to the point where we missed our connections, another day of work was lost, and we had to pay for an extra hotel room. The Dominican Republic is permanantly off my list!My boyfriend, after suffering violent vomitting and diarrhea, finally recovered after a few days back in the states. I did not get sick. Avoid this place!!I tried contacting the hotel many times after we left, and eventually got a crappy little credit out of expedia. Be warned!! ","annotations":[]}