{"text":"Mixed Feelings..... Ok. first off.. this was our 1st time out of country on vacation... for my wife and I. we were excited to go! then we got to the Punta Cana Airport. Big shock! Open huts (some very large huts though!) and not very organized. But it was kewl.. and soon we were traveling towards our hotel. That was an eye opening experience. You hear that it's a 3rd world country.. whole different thing to see it. but the people were friendly enough. Arriving at the Occidental, it was an ok feeling. But we have to see. Going into the main lobby was ok. Checking in was ok. Then we headed to the room.. and the issues started. First off... our key wouldn't unlock our door. they worked that out. we were suppose to have a king sized bed... got in the there were 2 twin beds.. in the middle of the room. called the front office and they said that they could get us something for the next day. we said ok. Then I used the bathroom.. and the toilet wouldn't flush. We then laid on the bed and my wife decided she was cold so we pulled the blankets down.. to find a large wet spot on the bed! That's when I lost it! I called the front office and then my travel agent and told them to either get me a new room or a plane ticket home! within 30 minutes we were in a new room. so here it is Sunday night and we're tired... so off to bed we go. Woke up Monday morning.. and there was not hot water!! oh joy! I called the front desk and they told me it should be fixed in a few hours. NEVER BELIEVE THEM!! (I also will note that everything I dealt with the front deck I felt like I was bothering them... they were the one are where I didn't feel I got a great service from the people. otherwise the people were great though). So we ended up waiting.. TILL TUESDAY AT 11:00 AM till we got hot water. It wasn't a pretty thing. Later on Tuesday we lot power and water completly. But they did get that back fairly quickly. We ended up losing power 4 times in about 48 hours. fun fun fun!oh yeah DO NOT EVEN PICK THE PHONE UP IN YOUR ROOM!! We made several COLLECT calls homes.. when we went to check out they handed me a bill FOR $89 FOR MY PHONE CALLS! I nearly lost it. Long story short.. after yelling a bit.. I didn't pay a bill. But they will try to charge you. I wouldn't even look at it.Also, don't leave ANY food out anywhere in your room. We ended up having a ton of little ants in our room. They were controlable, but the food brings them in like crazy!So I've complained a lot.. now for what I did enjoy. Cause I will say this: I would go back to the Dominican. Probably not the Occidental... but maybe. The buffett restaurant was good. we ate really well all week actually. The selection is tough for a fussy eater like me... but I never went hungry. and I thought that the people worked hard for us. so the food was good. The pools are really nice as well. There are 3 of them and it never felt crowded in them. The beach is fantastic. The water is incredible... nothing to say but wow for that! that was worth the whole trip actually!It is VERY HOT down there! I'm from New England, we get humidity in the summer, but it's nothing like this! but the ocean breeze is nice... so it's bearable. but bring the sun screen and the aloe. I burt twice!!Over all I would say I'm neutral for the Occidental. The people were fun and seemed to try really hard. You don't tip at all, and I think I got better service in the buffett restaurant than I do at some resturants around here! I may give them another chance... but I'm not sure. I'll have to give it some time.I hope this is helpful. Just know what you're getting into before you go. We had some ideas, but we learned. Thanks! ","annotations":[]}