{"text":"Not really a resort or a spa- there's got to be something better at this price I spent 5 nights at the Miami Beach Resort and spa while attending a conference. My fiance was with me on vacation. We would not recommend this hotel to anyone for business or pleasure- especially not at the $225 rate a night (plus tax, plus $22 to park per day, plus resort fee, etc). Do not be deceived by the name and fancy logo\/design and website. This is a run down, old hotel (or maybe apartment building) trying to appear as something much fancier than it is. This is NOT a spa resort, it is a no frills tourist hotel.1) They did not have hot water for a full day-- and were unclear about what the problem was and why it was happening. They tried to make it up to us by offering 2 free beers or house wines (but not a mojito or anything we wanted to drink)-- but didn't deliver the voucher until the second to last day. 2) There hotel elevators are slow and always packed. We often had to wait for several elevators to pass before we could get on one. There was one elevator in and out of service, and often being worked on.3) Service is hit and miss. Upon arriving, we had to look for a valet to park our car and the bell man didn't offer to take our bags until we lugged them up the stairs. Our room wasn't ready when we checked in-- the front desk staff did call us on our cell when it was ready, but the bellman couldn't find our bags and we had to go point them out.4) The location is far from the action in south beach- there isn't much up in the neighborhood and it is at least a $10 cab ride. 5) The spa is basically a glorified hotel gym-- with a sauna and steam room (that didn't appear to work) in the locker rooms. 6) The pool was so hot that it wasn't refreshing and we had to pay for lounges if we wanted to sit on the beach since they are not run by the hotel. (In the afternoon, the sun in the pool area is blocked by the building next door, so we had to go to the beach to be in the sun)7) Even the rooms that were renovated (on the higher floors) had unconfortable beds and terrible pillows.The hotel is OK, but I'd be careful not to pay too much for it. Also, if you're attending a conference there, I'd look at some of the other hotels in the area, and even pay a little bit more, just to avoid this hotel. ","annotations":[]}