{"text":"Tip Top This is a fantastic hotel located approximately 10 minutes from the Arc de Triomphe (walking) and ave. Champs-Elysees. If you are booking a rewards stay through Hilton you may be looking for an economical way to get to the hotel (as was I). Thus, you can take the Air France bus, line 2, from CDG to the Arc de Triomphe stop for about 13 Euro per person (as long as you have quality rolling luggage to make the 10 minute treck from the bus-stop). The ride takes about 1\/2 hour. There is a cafe (Le Cristal) located one block from the bus-stop (corner of rue de Tilsitt and ave Grande Armee) that has the best coffee and Croque Madame that I have found in Paris. Arriving by plane in the morning and hitting Le Cristal is a ritual that I would not give up.The lobby and dining facilities at the hotel were appropriately upscale and, despite being a large corporate hotel geared to business travelers, quite romantic. The staff were extremely nice and knowledgeable. Evelyne, a front desk clerk, possesses an outstanding knowledge of the city.I was provided with a Deluxe King room which was, by Paris standards, huge. Although coffee\/tea facilities were not provided, the room was otherwise perfect: comfortable bed, quality furnishings, bathrobes and slippers. The view from the window was nothing spectacular, but not shabby either (A view of an upscale street in Paris is pretty nice).When the drain in my bathtub did not work, a technician was sent up to fix it immediately, at 11:30 pm. He had sufficient class not to mention that I had closed the drain by mistake and that there was actually nothing wrong with it (well, that is what I figure since it took him all of 2 seconds to fix it and I believe he hung out there another 10 or 20 seconds so it would not be so obvious to my date that I was a fool...maybe he was just making sure the water drained).I have stayed in numerous other hotels in Paris (some of which were highly rated). This hotel was the absolute best.Note about the food\/beverage prices at the hotel: they are steep...very steep. While the prices are comparable to other hotels of this level, you may want to venture out for meals (it is Paris, anyway, so there really is no excuse to eat in the hotel). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":623,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":617}]}