{"text":"A great honeymoon My husband and I honeymooned at Excellence from 10\/14 to 10\/21 and had an amazing time - we were quite impressed with the resort and already can't wait to go back. The ride from the airport was a bit bumpy but it wasn't as bad as I was expecting from some of the reviews here - the driver knew exactly what he was doing and even though it was bumpy, I didn't feel in the least unsafe. We just got a taxi at the airport - it was quick and easy to hop in a cab (the fare to Excellence is $70 each way). When we arrived at the resort, check-in was a snap and the towel and champagne were lovely.The resort is positively beautiful - all of the gardens and grounds are very well maintained and there are even parrots, flamingos, and a peacock wandering around the park in front, which we got a kick out of. We stayed in a basic garden view room; we thought the room was terrific, very clean and nice with a big, comfy four-poster bed. There was maybe a slight musty smell in the room, but nothing to get too worked up about. At one point we had a problem with the TV remote not working; we called the front desk and it was fixed very promptly. We liked having the little balcony overlooking the garden; it was nice to sit on the balcony and have a Presidente from the minibar after a long day at the beach!We really loved both the beach and the pool areas - we spent most days lying on the beach and then going up to the main pool when we wanted to swim. As reported, the waves on the beach are pretty strong, but several times we walked about a quarter-mile off to the right to an area where the waves break a bit offshore and it's calm enough to swim, swimming there was great! At both the beach and the pool areas, waiters come around quite often to bring drinks, and there are several bars near the pool areas (including a swim-up bar in the main pool, which was a lot of fun). We really liked the cascade pool, which was close to our room - it was a little quieter and more laid-back than the scene at the main pool.One of the things that we were really pleasantly surprised by was the food - several of the reviews here indicated the food was sub-par, but we thought it was really quite good. We usually did the buffet at Toscana for breakfast, which has a lot of variety - I recommend the made-to-order omelets and pancakes. We also ordered breakfast from room service one day and it was great. For lunch, we usually just ate the pizzas they bring around to the beach and pool areas, or had a quick lunch at the Grill. It was the dinner experience, though, that we thought was really surprisingly good - we had great meals at every one of the restaurants we tried. Our favorites were Barcelona (we ate there twice) and Agave, but all the others we ate at (Toscana, Chez Isabelle, the Grill, and Spice) were really good too. Maybe it's not quite haute cuisine, but we were impressed by the quality of the food overall. The drinks get high marks too - we enjoyed trying the drink of the day by the pool, and particularly liked the drinks at the Martini bar (all the bars have an assortment of good-quality liquor brands and will make your drink with whatever you ask for). I'm a big fan of champagne, and I was happy to discover that the bars all serve bubbly - actually Spanish cava - yum!Let's see, what else? We didn't partake too much in the planned entertainment - we were perfectly happy to have a low-key honeymoon that mostly involved lying on the beach, but what we did see was fun. We really liked the sax player in the main lobby in the evening. And we went to karaoke one night, that was fun. Overall, we had an amazing week and were really impressed with the resort. We'd certainly recommend it to anybody! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":912,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":908},{"endOffset":2343,"mention":"pancakes","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pancake"],"startOffset":2335}]}