{"text":"Overrated Based on the reviews on this site, I decided to experiment and spend one night at this Hilton during my trip last week. Overall, it's a relatively nice hotel and I can understand to a certain degree some of the enthusiasm here. But, as a frequent traveler and a guest of several hotels in the Paris area alone, I just don't feel that this hotel property merits the accolades people are writing here and certainly not in proportion to the prices that they charge.I ran into several problems in my short stay:1) The biggest problem that I ran into was that the Air Conditioning unit in my room (located in the ceiling near the door) began to vibrate randomly around 2:30 in the morning. To get an idea of how this sounded, imagine a cell phone hidden in the ceiling that would vibrate loudly and randomly every couple of minutes (sometimes multiple times in a minute). I of course tried turning off the AC unit and wearing ear plugs, but the unit would still vibrate (and I could still here the vibrating with ear plugs), so I called the Front Desk (I speak French fluently) to tell them the problem. At first they wanted to send a technician to the room to start working on the unit in the ceiling. I said that this would be fine if I could move to another room (I needed to wake up early), but of course, the hotel was full. So, they said that they would have a technician try to shut off power to the unit from the central station. I was fine with this, but it ended up taking nearly 45 minutes to have the unit's power terminated. So, after being awoken by the faulty unit, I wasn't able to go back to sleep for at least an hour. I understand that technical problems happen and will give them credit for finding a way to stop the problem in a relatively timely manner. However, for any hotel that is charging prices at this level, there needs to be some sort of compensation to the customer in return for any inconvenience like this. This is where they fell short, simply saying that they couldn't offer reduced rates, breakfast at no charge, etc. They simply weren't willing to correct this wrong and so this is the biggest reason that I cannot recommend this hotel to any other potential guests.1) The mattress is way too firm - one of the firmest that I have come across in a hotel. I tend to like mattresses on the firmer side, but this really was extreme. My back and neck were slightly sore the next morning.2) There is a raised tile-covered ridge between the sink room and the toilet room in the bathroom that is unexpected and difficult to see in the dark. I slammed one of my toes on this pretty hard during the night.4) The hallways had a slightly fishy odor. It wasn't strong by any means, but it still smelled a bit off when walking to my room.5) This is more of a caveat and has been mentioned on here, but the hotel isn't located right by the Arc de Triomphe or Champs Elysees. Instead, it is a 10-15 minute walk away.With all the hotels that are available in Paris, I feel that there are other, better options in terms of comfort, price and service. In particular, the service element is what is lacking at this hotel. The staff weren't mean, snotty or anything of that nature. They just didn't seem to care and definitely didn't understand that in response to a problem that interrupts and prevents the client from sleeping, they need to find a way to compensate for this. Instead they acted indifferent about the issue and so I've chosen to come here and offer this as a potential warning to other travelers. Bon Voyage... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":161,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":157},{"endOffset":3056,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":3049}]}