{"text":"Strange Breakfast Arrangement Being a business traveler, I had no choice but to stay in this hotel since we have corporate rate.By the time we arrived at the hotel, it was over midnight. Only a couple was at the front desk arguing something with the staff there. My colleague and I waited at the front desk for a while, nobody seemed to notice us until I raised my voice to look for help. And they are generally working in a very laid-back style, speak slowly, and move slowly. Unfortunately I was upgraded to the executive room. When I said unfortunately, I mean their breakfast for the so-called executives. We could never figure out why they offer American buffet breakfast for ordinary rooms, but only 10 choices of food selection for exeucitve rooms. We were told that we had to pay extra to get the American breakfast. However, the ladies serving us breakfast were very polite unlike the others. And the location is very inconvenient which is located on the top floor of the building, unlike the usual breakfast area which is located right next to the lobby. That means every morning, we had to take the lift to have breakfast, and wait for the lift again to be able to go out.From my room, I could hear pumping music even after midnight. Later my colleagues told me that there was a disco located downstairs. Also, I realized that the balcony door was unable to be locked...Finally, it was the check out time. I was thinking to take advantage of my executive room previledge. But when I arrived at their executive service counter outside the breakfast place, the lady told me to wait for a while because she needed to show some guests around the building. After 15 mins waiting, I decided to go downstairs and do the check out at the usual counter.But I must say, the location of this hotel is very convenient. It is located right at the end of the Orchard road which is full of shopping malls. About 10 mins walk from the metro. I'm not sure about the price since there is no comparison.Anyway, I probably won't stay here again if I had a choice. ","annotations":[]}