{"text":"Beautiful resort We booked our trip through Apple Vacations--no other way to go! We arrived early around 10:30 am and our rooms were ready. Rooms very clean and towel formations were decorated with flowers every day. We never saw our maid but we left her a $2 tip every day and she made our stay a pleasant one--clean towels, washcloths, stocked cold drinks, turned down the beds at night with chocolates on our pillows and gave us fresh towels twice a day! A few dollars go a long way--so please tip! Beach and pool were beautiful and clean. We did learn after the 1st day that unless you got a Hammock by 8:00, you were out of luck. 4 chairs together were hard to find at beach and at pool. We started taking turns making a run to the beach by 8 to reserve chairs under a hammock like everyone else. Lots of bare boobies on the beach--most should've covered up--either too old, too saggy or entirely too fat to show it all!! Some even change their entire bathing suits (tops and bottoms, male and female) right in front of you with no hesitation. They're really quite experienced and you really only got a quick look of their private parts. Be aware that you'll get an eyeful! Specialty restaurants were very good. We ate at the Japanese\/Chinese, Steakhouse, Gourmet Seafood--all were delicious! The main buffet was good also--much to choose from--but we're not picky eaters! We found that at lunch it was much better at the buffet on the beach where they have the steakhouse. Less variety but fresher and less of a crowd! You can actually sit on the beach with your feet in the sand, at a picnic table under a roof and enjoy a nice lunch! Really, the only thing that needs to improve are the shows. We seemed to only catch the boring ones. One night we went over to the Bavaro side and thought that their shows were better--then we realized that they rotate. Drinks were much better at the lobby bar. Pool and beach bars were o.k. but we never got a frozen drink. Drinks with dark rum were the best but be aware of the coconut milk - we learned that it's a natural laxative. 3 out of the 4 in our group had a short bout of diarrhea - bring imodium and\/or pepto bismol. Staff were all very pleasant and had a good time with Papa Johnson at breakfast and Juan on the beach. We tested Juan everyday to see if he remembered our names--what a great guy! Overall, I would recommend the Iberostar Dominicana but prefer the Iberostar Tucan in Riviera Maya, Mexico. There's not much night life so plan on going to bed early--believe me you're ready! USA3000 at the Punta Cana airport needs major improvement--they were too slow checking in--lines were long and we waited well over an hour in the heat. Thank goodness we were returning home late at night when the sun's not beating down on the thatched roof with no air conditioning in this part of the airport. Security leaving was nonexistent--they didn't check anything--turned their heads away from the x-ray. I'll take the inconveniences of the security in the U.S. any day over the confusion and insecurity at the Punta Cana airport. Thank God we got on the right plane--mass confusion everywhere!! We'll maybe return someday but lots more islands and resorts to see before then! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":404,"mention":"chocolates","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":394},{"endOffset":1634,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1630}]}