{"text":"Healthy-sized rooms at the Affinia Dumont The Affinia Dumont is marketed as a fitness hotel, and its many accoutrements reflect this philosophy throughout its experience. It's only from these various thoughtful features, though, that you'd guess it was a fitness hotel, since the guests look the same as any other medium-to-high-end hotel in Manhattan, not exclusively the lean, low-cholesterol, somewhat toned specimens you might expect.We were greeted on entry by a couple friendly faces at the front desk, surrounded by a canister of iced tea and a bowl of fresh fruit (because they're healthy). A set of free weights in a plexiglas cabinet looked less out of place than you would expect. As it was in the morning and our room wouldn't be available until 3p, an extremely robust bellhop named Christian took our luggage and promised to keep it safe. We had no doubts.The rooms are enormous by NYC standards. You could easily roll out a yoga mat or two and do your sun salutations while meditating on the downtown skyline (ask for a south-facing room on high floor if this is appealing). Most shocking to my eyes was the desk in the corner with a Herman Miller Aeron chair. Paradise! If you need to do any kind of work in your hotel, this is the place to stay. It would be perfect except for the daily usurious internet charge of $9.95. But you'll pay it with a smile as you relax in the Aeron. After you're done working (or stretching), you can fry up an omelette (egg whites only, of course) in the kitchen, equipped with a gas stove and full-size refrigerator. Several menus were in the room. A room service menu from the restaurant next door; a fitness menu describing some sort of fitness kits; and a pillow menu with at least seven (!) kinds of bed-based head support options, including buckwheat, feather, hypoallergenic, memory foam, magnetic, and other alternatives that I've never heard of before. Also available was an intimacy kit in case all that yoga on the Aeron chair gets your chi flowing - very thoughtful.In my bleary-eyed state, I failed to notice that the fitness theme had stretched even into the elevator, where a small monitor played kickboxing, yoga, and pilates videos in the morning. Everyone in the videos was smiling, beautiful, and taut. I think they change the videos to ESPN in the afternoons.The bathroom was of good size, spotlessly clean, and well appointed with Aveda products (my favorite). Also included was a 100x magnification mirror so you could monitor the health and fitness of your pores.Overall this was a great hotel in a decent midtown location. Highly recommended for anyone, but especially those who value health and wellness, spacious rooms, or Aeron chairs. The staff are friendly and always bid you adieu not with goodbye but be well! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":541,"mention":"iced","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Iced_bun"],"startOffset":537},{"endOffset":545,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":542}]}