{"text":"Above average resort, had a great time We visited the Grand Palladium Bavaro from July 4 to July 11 for our Honeymoon. Before our review, we'll give you our background. We are both 24 years old and have been to two other all inclusive resorts, one in Mexico, and another resort in the Dominican Republic. We are pretty average people, will eat almost anything, and are not hard to make happy.Check InCheck in was just fine. We arrived about 1:00pm, the receptionist called to see if our room was ready which is wasn't because check in isn't till 3:00pm. The receptionist told us to go have some lunch (a map and directions were provided), come back and then the room should be ready. We did that and and room was good to go.The RoomWe had a romance suite, villa number 27. It was very close to the beach, but no ocean view. No rooms seam to have an ocean view. Our room was very large, king size bed, a couch with sitting room, a huge bathroom with a hot tub, and it also had an outside covered patio with an outdoor shower and hammock. Our outdoor shower didn't work, it needed a clean shower head. The room was clean, HOWEVER there are no clocks in the room, and only one American outlit located behind the TV. We receaved a bottle of rum and a basket of fruit for our honeymoon.The BeachThe beach was very nice. We always could find a place to sit, but spots in the shade were hard to find. There is some seaweed, but it is little stick seaweed, not the smily stuff. We never had a problem with it, there's really not that much. We liked the beach so much that we never went to the pool (we could do that back home). There are some vendors that approach you, if you just tell them no they go away. Not a big deal. The intertainment staff come on the beach in the morning for about 3 hours. If you are trying to relax it's kind of hard to because they play loud music and talk a lot.The FoodWe didn't have any problems with the food. We didn't get sick, and we never left hungry. We went to three a la cart places, Asian, Mexican, and Italian. They were awesome. You can book all your a la carts at once anytime at the desk to the left of the front desk.The People (the biggest downfall) There are A LOT of European people at this resort!!!! This means A LOT of topless women and children running around. We were ok with it at first, but then it just got really annoying (they apparently didn't notice that the majority of the woman had their tops on) I personally found it very disrespectful and rude. There were also a lot of smokers, and not a lot of non-smoking areas. The staff were great, seamed to know more French and German than English, kind of buttered up to them too.OverallOverall we did have a great time. The beach was great, shopping was good, weather was awesome, and the resort was above average. Don't think we would stay here again, just so we could see what else is out there. ","annotations":[]}