{"text":"Excellent hotel! This was my second stay at the Swisshotel in Singapore and I would definitely return! The staff are extremely professional and make you feel welcome from the moment you exit the taxi. We got upgraded to one of the executive rooms on the 10th floor upon our arrival, but we asked to be moved on the 3rd night as we were directly under the lounge and the early morning noise wasn't pleasant! We were moved immediately to another room and the receptionist sent the concierge up to help us move. This did not upset our stay!The rooms are very tastefully decorated. The hotel is in a great location and all the restaurants can be reached within walking distance. The AMRITA spa is wonderful. I would recommend the Top to Toe package. I would go back just for the spa!They have recently opened a shopping mall directly across the road - if you love shopping, spend a few hours exploring the dainty little shops in this mall! It's called CENTRAL. If you love shoes and bags (like me), you are in the right place! They also have lots of mini-spas or beauty salons in the mall, I haven't tried any of them, but they are there if you decide against using the hotel spa (not advisable :-)). There is a fantastic Chinese restaurant in the basement of the mall across the road. It's called DA PAI DANG, they have great food at really good prices. Lovely staff also. We had breakfast in the hotel two mornings. You can get an all you can eat buffet for 39 Singaporean dollars. Get there early and fill up on the great food that they have to offer. If you are a lover of dim sum and local food, definitely pay a visit to the food hall in the basement of the Paragon mall. The restaurant is called TASTER FOOD PTE LTD. It is an experience that you will not forget. The Paragon mall is also great for shopping - you can take a taxi from the Swissotel. Taxis are extremely cheap in Singapore and are all air conditioned.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Singapore - it is always a pleasure to stay there! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1225,"mention":"Chinese","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/P%C3%A2t%C3%A9_chinois"],"startOffset":1218}]}