{"text":"Wonderful Suite, Helpful Staff Acacia Seaside Inn is a small boutique hotel, which means that the staff know you by name and not only treat you in a respectful, courteous, professional manner, but regard you more as extended family.I arrived with my best friend and we booked the two-bedroom suite. The room was simple, but elegantly appointed. There was only one air-conditioner in my room, but my friend's room was more spacious than mine, so we pulled straws. The front desk attendant, Felix, really should be running this hotel, as he manages every thing about it with precision. Not only did he make sure that we got the room we requested (there was some initial confusion about availability), but he provided us with more information about the island and its activities than any manual or guide could have. He gave precise driving directions, exact names of persons who ran businesses three towns away (Pinones) and even told us about various points of interests to our liking. Parking can be difficult if you're renting a car, but it's not impossible. The hotel offers a guaranteed parking spot for a fee ($10 a day), but we were able to find space on the street. Many of the excursions that you'll want to do can be set up by the hotel, if you ask. They did not attempt to sell us on anything, merely suggested companies when we inquired. Through them, we were able to rent a car and double-check pricing for our Biolumiscent Bay tour (doing this resulted in a drop in our price, so we were pleased). GAY TRAVELLERS will be delighted with Acacia's location in the Condado area (akin to Chelsea in NYC, Castro Area in San Fran, and Chueca in Madrid. . .all C's. . .coincidence?). To top it off, the Acacia is walking distance from the gay beach off of Vendig Street, near the Atlantic Hotel. There is a nearby Internet Cafe and even a place to buy stylish swimsuits (Monsieur).The walk to various clubs is a bit longer, but enjoyable. There are SEVERAL places to eat in all price ranges. Many have mentioned Patisserie (3 stars), Pamela's (4 stars), Bebo's (3 stars). Toiletries can be bought at either of the two nearby Walgreens (one of which is 25 hours) on Ashford Street, and a nearby supermarket (Diego and Loiza) is open 24 hours. They even sell liquor. Overally, this hotel was wonderful. If I were to complain, I would ask the Acacia to increase the temperature on the 30-foot hot-tub (it was lukewarm), or would frown on the fact that there is no attendant at the front desk after 11:00pm (the attendant is stationed at the sister hotel, Wind Chimes Inn, about 100 feet up the block). Fastidious travellers will not like the fact that this small hotel doesn't really have room service or food options available, but my friend and I, both 25, are independent and don't need anyone to hold our hand. We would have enjoyed a fridge in the room, though, to keep our Puerto Rican rum and mixers cold. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":49,"mention":"Seaside Inn","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Seaside_Inn"],"startOffset":38},{"endOffset":1601,"mention":"Chelsea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chelsea_bun"],"startOffset":1594}]}