{"text":"Nice Resort, Pretty Grounds, Overall Pretty Good This was our first stop on our honeymoon and the resort was a perfect place to relax and unwind after the wedding. We had a double queen room on the bottom floor and we didn't face the ocean, but we didn't really care. Our room had a refrigerator that looked old, but worked fine. In theory, there was an extra charge for using the fridge, but they didn't assess it on us. The bathroom was very nice and spacious with a lot of counter space. The front desk was very nice and helpful during check-in and check-out and we only ate in one of the on-site restaurants (Marabella), but our waitress was very nice and helpful. The two separate swimming pools are great; one for families and one for adults only. Our adults only pool was a great place to relax. The beach is great looking and the water is just the right temperature without being too hot or too cold. There are tons of sand dollars living on the bottom of the ocean right there, so that was pretty cool to see. The resort has two workers assigned to get you an umbrella and chairs for sitting on the beach, which is really nice. The tiki bar outside is just as expensive inside with a pina colada running about $11 each. The beach does need cleaned a bit more often to remove the cigarette butts, but if everyone was diligent about removing their own trash there wouldn't be a problem.Two complaints about the resort are parking and computer access. The self-park garage requires you to take a ticket when you park. Take the ticket with you because you have to stop at the valet's desk out front of the hotel to have them validate it before you can leave and take your car out of the parking lot. We ended up paying only $20 in parking despite being there for 4 days, so I don't know how that worked. Hauling the ticket around is a pain and they should really have someone working the exit booth of the garage. The only other complaint was computer access. The resort has four computers set up so that you can access the internet during your stay if you don't have your own laptop. I loved the idea, but you had to pretty much glare at the teens, pre-teens, and kids that were camped out on the computers without parental supervision. Eventually, one would disengage from Facebook and let you use the computer for 3 minutes. Where were the parents of these kids??We did the rainforest and liked it except for how busy it was. Lots of people everywhere. Note to travelers: wear a bathing suit to the rainforest. We apparently didn't get that memo and didn't realize you could hop in whatever water you want. It also rained twice while we were hiking and a bathing suit would have been better than a shirt and shorts. We also did old San Juan, which was cool to see, but the parking was a nightmare. We ate at Richie's Cafe up the hill from the resort and found it to be overpriced for the food, but the view is nice and they do have some authentic Puerto Rican cuisine on the menu. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":4,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":0}]}