{"text":"okay Just got back from a few days vacation at this resort. I went on recommendation from family that has been there in the past. Booked the all inclusive and a junior deluxe suite. Overall the beaches are beautiful and the people are friendly (except the guy at reception on my first day). However, there were some negatives: I missed my flight and called the hotel to see if they were willing to waive the charge for the first night -- I was informed, no chance, whatever the reason I wasn't there, I would still be charged. Fine. On my arrival, the next day, the guy at the front desk couldn't find my reservation -- despite the fact that they had charged me for a room the night before. All the same, after over 30 minutes and a call to the reservation desk, he claimed to find it. When they found the reservation, I then asked to confirm it was a junior suite. The guy told me no, it was a deluxe (standard) room. Only after I noted that I had booked and paid for a junior suite AND produced a print out of my online reservation did he agree to set me up with a junior suite. Not only that, but after they found the reservation, he informed me that even though the reservation was for 4 nights, I couldn't extend my stay even though I had missed the first night. Hilarious and horrible business, I had made no mention of staying an extra night, and obviously, if I had wanted to, I would have had to pay for it. All the same right at that moment, extending my stay there was the farthest thing from my mind.The rooms are nice enough, no view to speak of as the gardens aren't much to look at, but it was bright and spacious. The sheets are thin and worn and the pillows are useless. I would ask for a copy of (and check) every bill you get at the resort. It is important to note that the all inclusive is only worth it if you are going for a short period of time and don't mind eating at the same 2 or 3 places out of the many options everyday. Breakfast is a buffet spread at La Cana restaurant near the pool. Good spread and good view of the ocean. Dinner options are limited to Franco's Pizzeria (which is awful) and Mamma Venezia (italian) and Anani. Venezia and Anani are good enough but it seemed as though at least one of the days, one of Mamma Venezia or Anani was closed. Also, each offers are limited set of entrees and the same dessert menu. Also very disappointing was the lazy attitude of the guys working at the water sports center down by the beach. I would recommend going to this place only if you want to laze by the beach or pool and not if you want to engage in the many advertised water activites on the hotel's website. I wanted to scuba but because there were not enough people interested in doing it, the guys at the center refused. I was informed maybe in a few days if more people were interested. The general impression was unless it was a big group, they were not interested in conducting any of the advertised activities.Overall, my impression (shared with at least two groups I spoke to who had previously been there) was that this was an okay place that used to be reasonably priced, but prices without a corresponding increase in services. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2103,"mention":"Pizzeria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":2095}]}