{"text":"Great Location Friendly Staff! I was quite amazed with the reviews of people travelling at the same period in Barcelona and stayed at the hotel on the same dates. We spent one week at the Regencia Colon, the first week of January. Although we didn't speak any catalan or castellan spanish but only english we were warmly greeted. The receptionists gave us a map, directions and plenty of information on what to see etc. They also recommended places to eat (a restaurant near urquinaona sq. which was very nice) and even made reservations for us.The rooms were in a good status for a three star hotel, I would say better than I expected, it had an lcd television, a minibar and the bathroom was in a good condition, plus the towels and toiletries were being changed daily. I have to say we booked directly at the hotel's site and got a price of 60 euros for a double room, without breakfast. Needless to say it was a great price for such a big and lovely room. Outdoors, in the small cafes around the hotel you could get breakfast at very low prices. An espresso doesn't cost more than 1.2 euro and a caffe leche (cafelatte, coffee with milk) doesn't cost more than 1,5, average.The location of the hotel was absolutely fantastic, everything is max. a 10 minutes walk from the entrance of the hotel, all the markets, stores, museums ecc. We bought the T-10 card for metro, bus etc. instead of 10 single tickets, but in a week we hardly used all of them. We went everywhere on foot. Another pro of this hotel is that it is not situated in a main road, or a paved area, so at night, when tourists drink and get happy, you cannot really hear them :) We never had any problem sleeping, our room was in the 3rd floor.The only drawback of this hotel was that the heating on the last 2 days was higher than it should be, taken into consideration that those days were quite warm in Barcelona, warmer than average January. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1130,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1124}]}