{"text":"Worst Vacation Ever There is nothing GRAND about the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana. If you are an American contractor you could come to this resort and make a fortune because the entire place needs to be gutted and renovated. Please take said everything here seriously, I wish I had done more homework and not gone on the advice of my travel agent. From the moment you arrive things are bad. There is no welcome party or drinks. The check in dates back to the stone age. Prepare to wait while staff go back and forth to the room. There is no such thing as modern amenities. The check in desk has one computer and any requests will go unfulfilled unless you are prepare to raise the roof (ie. $#*)$). The food is horrible. You never get any wash cloths. I had to use my key to rip the towels to make wash cloths. My room was musty and there was condensation on my floor. I was eventually moved after I went to the lobby at 11pm in my pajamas (I hit the sack early because there is little entertainment on site and what is available sucks) and demanded to speak to a manager. My previous calls to guest services ended in someone hanging the phone up on me. We were moved to a room that was a home for mosquitoes. The beach is okay at best. Don't look for shopping because there is nothing worth buying (I guess this is a plus after you have spent much money on a horrible vacation no need to continue to fuel their economy). The drinks aren't worth putting in your body. The hotel was overbooked so the management was offering a 7 night return stay free if you would leave for a couple of days and visit another of their hotels. BEWARE..after looking online these hotels are no better than the Occidental. Imagine that....a chain of horrible hotels. Please don't think that I am just another spoiled american who goes to third world country and expects too much. I have been to other third world countries and the experience was nothing like this. If it is a vacation you are after.....DONT DO IT HERE...U HAVE BEEN FOREWARNED, DONT WANT TO SAY I TOLD U SO. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":173,"mention":"fortune","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fortune_cookie"],"startOffset":166}]}