{"text":"Love at first sight My boyfriend and I decided it was time to take our first trip together and chose Punta Cana as the place to go. After talking to a friend of our travel agents we settled on the Bahia Principe! She gave it a 10\/10 and promised us we would love it for our first time out of Canada. She was right! We booked through Air Transat so we were in the Royal Golden section of the resort which is right by the beach. We were a 20 ft walk from our large pool which connects to the huge strip of beach that is just gorgeous.Our Transat rep. was amazing, she helped us book our a la cartes and our activities outside the resort we wanted to do. We booked the shopping tour (which we loved), the Marinariam (which was the most fun) and a trip to Manati Park to swim with the dolphins. It was this last activity where I got to fulfill a dream of geting up close and personal with a dolphin. All of our activities were amazing and went off without a hitch. The resort is large, spacious and just a beautiful place to be. They have shuttle buses (which personally I never smelt anything bad as some ppl on here claim) that take you throughout the resort and we went on all of them many times just to see all the beauty this resort had to offer. The food was great, we never had to much problem with temperature of the food, all I know is there was a large variety of foods and the wait staff was very helpful *though we only speak English and clearly were in teh minority*. We had four a la cartes and I highly reccommend the Seafood and the italian (though the Mexican and the steak house are great choices as well)We had this guy John serve us at the main lobby bar and the pool bar and let me tell you - this guy made our trip! He was always singing and laughing and talking to everyone. His English was great, and he made us feel right at home! If you ever see him, you will fall in love with him and want to take him home with you!Our room was on the first floor villa 21 and we had one cockroach once on a night it rained particulary hard, other then that we did not see one bug our entire trip so i am not sure why other ppl on here on the first floor complained of it.If you want to know anything else contact me, cause I will boast about this resort forever! ","annotations":[]}