{"text":"A Dissapointing Return I have previously stayed at the Shang and enjoyed it's unrivalled Valley Wing experience. This time however, I booked through Singapore Airline's 'Singapore Stopover' programme. As attractive as this may first appear, I'd advise against it, not only because their so-called 'special prices' are easily matched by certain websites, but also, and chiefly, because you are not able to specify what standard of room you desire, meaning you will be lumped with the basic (Tower Wing) and have to hope that there is availability in your desired level when you arrive. When I arrived, the Valley Wing was fully booked and I was upgraded to the Garden Wing, which comes with a balcony. The room was of a good standard, although the $100 difference between this and the Valley is immeaurably better value for money then the $100 per night upgrade I paid for the Garden Wing upgrade. The level of service and helpfullness of the staff is everything I have come to appreciate from a hotel widely regarded as providing a world benchmark in this area.My only real problem came on checkout. I was provided with my bill showing me what had been deducted from my deposit. I found that despite taking the upgrade fee on check-in, it had been re-applied and removed from my deposit, meaning effectively that I had paid it twice. I was not provided with a receipt for the upgrade on check-in and was refused a refund for it, met only with vague promises that they'll see what they can do and email me in due course. On top of this, I was charged for the complimentary breakfast and had to argue my rather obvious case that the charge should be removed, which it eventually was. Given that the hotel is as good as the price you pay for it, I'm forced to mark the Shang down considerably for this. Because they did not provide a receipt for my upgrade and charged me for it twice, I ended up paying the equivilent of a Valley Wing stay.My advise? Don't go through any airline 'deals' programme. Book exactly what you want before you get there and you won't run into this problem. If you do, make sure you get a receipt for everything and be prepared to have to show it on check-out. ","annotations":[]}