{"text":"Absolutely Fantastic! We went to Bali for our honeymoon and selected the Legian based on the wonderful reviews we read on Trip Advisor and other sites. We were not disappointed in the least bit. The hotel is absolutely stunning and we were lucky that it was not very packed the 5 days we were there. It is located right on Seminyak beach which does not have a lot of tourists. It is minutes away from some great restaurants and a 5 min taxi ride to the wonderful restaurants  shops. The staff were wonderful, extremely helpful and always smiling. The rooms were beautiful, comfortable, modern and very large. The pool and grounds are stunning - pure relaxation. Every day you come back to your room to notes from staff along with a treat (dessert) or snack. I was sick our first few days and the hotel called a doctor for us, gave us food on the house and followed up daily to see how I was feeling. For those who are thinking of staying at the Club Legian, it is located across the road and we were actually shocked to see that the people who stay at these high-end villas have to cross the street to share the same amenities like the pool, restaurants etc with those staying at the Legian. Everything you see on the website for the hotel is what you get - I always think that hotel websites show only the good but there are no misleading pictures. I would upload some of our pics but unfortunately they are all over 2MB.The only downside to the Legian was the food - we ate dinner at the hotel the first 2 days and it was very disappointing. Not only do you pay 4 times the amount, but the food was not very good. You'll find much better food of the resort for a third of the price. Breakfast was the only meal where you were guaranteed to want more - a great selection and lots to choose from. If we went back to Bali, we would stay at the Legian in a heartbeat. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":949,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":945}]}