{"text":"SuperBowl Disaster! A large group of my coworkers and I arranged to stay here during the 2007 SuperBowl. First off, the lobby is pretty nice, but everything else is pretty much dated and has an odd smell. If you're looking for up-to-date amenities, I suggest you look elsewhere. Secondly, there's no internet in any of the guest rooms. There's wireless in the lobby, but this poses a problem when taking work-related calls in the lobby of a busy hotel. Not very professional background noise! The pool area is ok, but the towels they give out are old and rough, and there is no hot tub\/jacuzzi. There's a hotel bar, but it closes at midnight, which makes for a hard time to go out, considering the next closest bar is at least an 11 block walk, since you're so far off from everything. As far as meal options are concerned, the hotel offers breakfast, but I wouldn't be able to tell you how it is, considering the reastaurant literally closes at 10 am, and does not reopen until dinner, at 6:30 pm. For those of you who like to sleep in after a late night, good luck getting food. There's a bodega about three blocks away, and your only other meal option within 10 blocks is a mediocre Italian restaurant 5 blocks away. Literally, that's about all there is in the area. During my 6 night stay, I spent a total of $180 on cabs, just going to the beach and restaurants. Luckily, I can expense these charges, but if you're on vacation, these are coming out of your pocket. I reccommend staying elsewhere that might be a little more expensive, but at least you'll be saving yourself the hassle of having to catch a cab anytime you want to do anything.The view also left much to be desired, considering it was a very large view of an impressive concrete wall and pillar. A coworker two doors down had a better view-about half of the window, if he leaned forward, was of the water. Unfortunately, I wasn't so lucky. Finally, the elevators are an issue, too. There's only two for a 10-story hotel, so you spend quite a lot of time waiting. There are no clearly marked stairways, so even if you only want to go one flight up or down, you have to wait for an elevator. Wear comfortable shoes.Last time I was here, I stayed at a cute boutique place on Ocean Drive for actually $10 less per night, and it was far superior. Definitely keep looking if you'd like to enjoy your vacation-this hotel is not where you want to go!Side note: The staff, while mostly native Spanish-speakers, were actually very helpful and pleasant. Unfortunately, they do not make up for a poorly-thought out hotel. ","annotations":[]}