{"text":"Loved Every Minute My husband and I just came back from a week's stay at Excellence Punta Cana. We truly loved every minute of it. As we had been told, the ride from the airport is 1 hour and somewhat bumpy, but we have traveled several times before and we did not think it was that bad. And once we got to the resort we forgot about it. We were greeted with champagne at the hotel steps and check-in was quick and easy. Then we were off to the beach bar to wait for our room to be ready. Everyone was so friendly. We had a swim-out room and it was just lovely and only about 6 steps and we were in the pool. There were two pools outside our room and our own bar that had sandwiches and fruit for lunch. This pool was quiet and there were only a handful of people there. The main pool was where all the action was -- games, water aerobics, music, etc. The restaurants were very good too. Every day you got an itinerary in your room that included which restaurants were open and which ones were closed, what the entertainment was that day and also what the drink of the day would be! Naturally we had to have one every day. There were many restaurants, including French, Mexican, Mediterrean, Oriental and Italian. There was also a grill and an excellent buffet. There was a particular girl at the resort named Ines who went out of her way to make sure we had a good time. I don't know when she ever slept because it seemed like she was always there. She is definitely an asset to the resort. I couldn't say enough about her and I would recommend Excellence to any of my friends because I know she will take good care of them during their stay. And we also loved the saxaphone player, Domingo. We were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary. He not only played a song for us, but he autographed two of his CD's and I gave them to my husband as part of his gift. Whenever we play them at home we will remember our stay at Excellence Punta Cana. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":682,"mention":"sandwiches","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":672}]}