{"text":"ENJOYED IT The Caribe Hilton is a gorgeous resort and we enjoyed our stay very much. The secluded beach is a plus. The forts are beautiful and the pina coladas are by far THE BEST I have ever tasted! We stayed in Room 1665 in the HH Tower, which is a fairly new building and the room was beautiful. My only complaint was the air conditioning made a loud crashing noise every time it turned on and off. It started on our last night there so we didnt bother. I was a little worried about not having any security in the tower since anybody from the street can literally walk in there. Not one person was ever sitting at the front desk, which was odd. At night, the hotel's halls were empty and quiet. Very relaxing atmosphere but if you want to party, I'd strongly suggest El San Juan Resort just a few minutes away. The nightlife there is sizzling. A few tips for those traveling to San Juan and staying at this hotel: book your room on their website using the pre-pay method ... it comes out much cheaper that way. DO NOT eat at Mortons as it is extremely and ridiculously overpriced. Take the bus as it is free until next month and once they do start charging, it's only 50 cents. Taxi rides are expensive and can run you up to $21 for a 12-15 minute cab ride. Walk El Paseo del Morro ... you'll find a dead end at the end of the trail but it is worth it and very beautiful. Rent a car if you plan on going out of the San Juan area, it is much cheaper. There is a Subway around the corner from the hotel. We ate there for lunch almost everyday and they even serve breakfast ... about 70% cheaper than eating at one of the hotel's restaurants. We liked the Spanish restaurant called Madrid-San Juan and we also enjoyed Lemongrass which serves sushi and asian dishes. All in all, we had a lovely stay but would have prefered El San Juan for more nightlife. The location of the hotel is perfect. Be sure to visit the local park which is within walking distance and also try their pina coladas!!! It's their specialty :) ","annotations":[]}