{"text":"Convention Attendee First, understand that I was atttending a convention, I looked at the pools but never took a dip, rode the water taxi but never touched the sand on the private island, walked the Casino but never lost a cent and admired the golf course but never made a putt.Second the resort is now called the El Conquistador Golf Resort and Casino.The negatives. The water level got to be about a foot deep in the tub while I showered, good thing I was rooming alone because it took a couple of hours for it to drain. I checked with the guest in the room below me and he indicated that his drain worked just fine. I called engineering about 4 times for assistance, I am pretty sure that help did not arrrive for about 8 hours, and though his intensions were good the results were poor, water still pooled in the tub. Next, I requested a wake up call for 7:00 am on the day of departure that I am still waiting for. On my last day I figured I could squeeze in a fast trip to the private island for a swim. I was on the water taxi that departs at 9:00 am only to find out that the chef was running late and we departed at about 9:30, well there went my swim. The boat could have left, went to the island, dropped off the vacationers and returnded by 9:30, why we waited I will never know. The television did not have a signal at first, but that was corrected quickly and I never turned it on again. The bar at the marina was out of local beer?The positives. The front desk clerk, Nilmari, had a smile when I checked-in and a smile when I departed. She was polite, courteous and made me feel welcomed. The room located in a two story building surrounding the marina at the bottom of the funicular was clean, comfortable and airy. The bed was quite comfortable and the linens fresh. The bathroom was spotless, spacious and the vent worked. No musty smell, no mold and no insects (If only the drain worked)! There was a small deli by the funicular at the top of the hill, not many selections but lunch and snacks were fresh and the prices were reasonable. I did not have a chance to eat at any of the hotel restaurants, however there was a spot about a mile outside the main gate heading to the left, Pasion Por El Fogon that is worth going to.Would I stay here again? Yes, the overall experience was good. ","annotations":[]}