{"text":"Horrible place, avoid at all costs We were supposed to stay here for three nights, but only stayed one. My husband and I have stayed in some pretty utilitarian places over the years, but this was by far the worst. We have never cancelled a reservation after seeing the condition of the accommodations, so this was a first for us.I guess our first clue should have come when we had a really hard time making a reservation. The reason it was so difficult, is because the e-mail address on the pension's site was no longer operational. I finally had to call, and then the front desk person provided me with a functional e-mail address. It would not have taken much effort to update the web site. Last time I checked, the incorrect address is still listed on the site.The room only had one electrical outlet, and this was in the bathroom. Forget plugging in a computer, or any other device for that matter. In addition, we were told that internet service was available in the lobby but, when we got there, we were told that they used to have it but it's been broken for a while and needs to be fixed.If we hadn't brought ear plugs, we wouldn't have gotten any sleep. The noise from outside was constant until about 4 or 5:00am.The location is appealing, but there are lots of hotels and pensions near la Rambla, so the Pension Dali is not unique in this regard, and its location alone would be no reason to book here. Also, there's really nothing about Dali that is reflected in the pension, except a picture of him that hangs over the front desk.Some of the front desk people acted like we were a bother, for example, the one that was sleeping on the couch when we went downstairs.While the room smelled strongly of bleach, there was mold growing on the toilet tank and between the shower tiles. There was also a pile of dirt under the radiator, which suggested that the room hadn't been thoroughly cleaned in quite some time. The tub was so small, we kept feeling like we were going to slip and fall if we moved.The price for a double room with private bathroom was 59 Euros per night, which is approximately $74.00. The room we got was worth maybe (MAYBE!) 30 Euros per night ($38). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1822,"mention":"dirt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dirt_cake"],"startOffset":1818}]}