{"text":"Beware of Thieves! We spent 10 days at the resort around Thanksgiving week. This was our 2nd trip to the Dominican Republic. Everything was wonderful until right before we were to leave for the airport on our last day. We specifically asked where we could have the best security for our luggage that included a laptop computer before boarding the van for transportation to the airport. We were told the locked room off the lobby overseen by the bell captain of the resort would ensure the safety of our luggage while we waited for our transportation. As it turns out, there are no security cameras and they misled us into believing they would be responsible for the care of our luggage. When it was time to board the shuttle to head to the airport, we discovered our laptop computer missing from it's case which had been stored in their locked room. The hotel informed us they would not be responsible for the theft and could not reimburse us the value nor provide any form of compensation. The hotel manager became indignant with me when I asked to speak to someone higher up. It's my belief that the resort\/company has insurance for loss\/theft such as this, but chose not to accommodate in any way. The manager even suggested I may not have even brought a laptop with me! Sol Melia has over 300 hotels\/resorts worldwide and I can't imagine there is nothing this company can do for the theft of my laptop while under their care, custody and control. We feel that the local employees need additional training to encourage tourists with valuables that the hotel is not responsible for loss or theft even if valuables are left in their direct care. Needless to say, we will not be returning. We hold Sol Melia resorts responsible and will never stay at any of their resorts because of the way we were treated when the theft occurred. Had the resort chosen to file a claim with their insurance carrier and reimbursed us for our loss , then they could've turned this unfortunate incident from a negative experience to a positive one and we could have shared a rave review with everyone. ","annotations":[]}