{"text":"We intend to return to the Melia Caribe I read reviews here after booking our trip (we chose the resort on the basis of recommendations from friends and our travel agent) and was frankly scared to go. But, now I'm wondering if I stayed at an entirely different resort from the one on which the other writers based their comments. We had a wonderful time.We did choose the Royal Service and I believe it was well worth the extra money. The Gabi was steps from our villa, and both the pool and bar were quite handy. We never had any problem with getting restaurant reservations, even though on several occasions, we called that day for reservations that evening. All but one night, we had 8:15 p.m. reservations; the other night, it was 8 p.m. That was exactly what we wanted.Our room was lovely, though the Jacuzzi was very loud. It sounded as if it was preparing for take-off.We never had a bad meal in our entire stay. At no point did I experience any sort of stomach upset.The resort is, indeed, large, but neither my husband nor I (we are both 36) ever required a ride from the golf carts after being dropped off at our room the first day. We could walk to the beach in about five minutes, which we did not find arduous in the least. Barring some sort of physical issue, I can't imagine a five-minute scenic walk being an issue.We also did not find a particular issue in terms of language barrier. My husband speaks some Spanish, and I speak essentially none, but we were fine. On one or two occasions, we were brought items that were not what we ordered, but all we had to do was make the server aware of the error, and it was immediately corrected.There was more seaweed than we had seen a couple of years ago, when we stayed at another hotel further north on Bavaro Beach, but that didn't detract from our enjoyment of the beach. All-in-all, we had a wonderful time, and fully intend to return to this resort in the next couple of years --- but next time, we'll take our young children with us. ","annotations":[]}