{"text":"Challenging Trip!! Let me just start by saying that I have been to Punta Cana every year (sometimes twice a year) for the past 9 years so I have stayed at many hotels and generally know what to expect. With that being said, Ifa Bavaro was very different from other places. We sometimes felt that we landed in a twilight zone or a very bad tourist movie. Let's begin with the fact the upon checking in we realized that no one at the reception desk spoke much English, nor did we feel welcomed. We were told that our room would be ready in an hour so we walked around and ate lunch. An hour later we were told in 5 min and then 5 min again (they like the phrase 5min, and it may be the only one they know). Finally we went to inspect ourselves and saw that the room that was supposed to be ready in 5min was still occupied and was no where near ready for us. Some time later, they finally found us a room. No apologies for their mistake, even rude actually.So when finally get to the room and there is an issue with the toilet overflowing and it take 3 phonecalls and 2 hours for them to finally arrive to fix it. And this was only after we had to tell them that there was poop all over the floor...to get them to do things for you here, you have to use extreme measures. The room overall is nice, beds were a good size and were firm. However, the pillows were very strange and lumpy. There is a flat screen TV in the room which we thought was promising, until we realized the only channel that we had in English was CNN (we are now thoroughly versed in every presidential canditate's political campaign after watching only CNN for 7 days). The maid service was alright, except they would sneak in the room and take dirty towels before giving you clean ones, so for a few hours we had no towels at all! The food was OK, nothing fancy, but acceptable. I would highly recommend the Japanese restaurant, it was very good. Except they tell you about how booked they are but when you get to the place its half empty, not sure why that is. There is also a little pizza bar by the pool called Pikalo which was very good. Drinks were average as was the nightly enteratainment. The gym however is very advanced. Opens at 7am and closes in the evening. Equipment is new and up-to-date and there is air conditioning inside. I had a massage at the spa and although it was relaxing, it was not by any stretch of the imagination a deep tissue massage like it was supposed to be. Very few of the staff spoke any english at all and most of them just looked at you like you were crazy when you tried to ask them for something, which made it very difficult to communicate. The front desk people are especially difficult and they are the ones that you usually need to speak with the most. Very rude, did not care about customer service, possibly because 90% of the guests were French so English speaking guests did not seem to be their priority. The beach was absolutely amazing and luckily we had a room not too far away, 7-8min walk. The beach was the best part of the hotel by far. Overall, big travel agencies such as Apple Vacations and similar agencies should not sell this resort to Americans or English speaking Canadians, people will only come back disappointed. We have been to many other hotels and this one was simply below standards.We made the best of the situation and tried to just laugh everything off (it was ridiculously funny sometimes) but overall I would not recommend this hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2060,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":2055}]}