{"text":"Great city hotel We stayed at the Condado Plaza from April 23-29, and overall had a great experience. Be prepared though..it is definitely a city hotel, and if you are looking for a quiet secluded getaway, stay outside San Juan. This is also a big conference hotel, and I would say not a particularly romantic getaway, but overall very nice.I thought they did a great job renovating the rooms; a bit of an Asian flair instead of your typical caribbean theme, very comfy beds (no wierd smell on our pillows), huge bathroom and about a 3x3x3 foot glass shower with amazing water pressure. The shower leak was not a leak, per se, but water seeps out between the door hinge. Not a problem..just put a towel down. We had no problems with a\/c, or the safe. The only problem we had with the room was that we were in the ocean tower facing the street, on the 9th floor. Construction on the other building did not bother us at all, but the traffic could be heard even with the door closed. In fact, cars driving by were so noisy at 11:30 on Sat. night we had to close our door to go to sleep. I would spring for the ocean view so you can hear the waves instead of the traffic!The concierge's were both VERY helpful, recommended some great restaurants, and got us set up with a rental car just down the street which we took to El Yunque and Bacardi. I definitely recommend renting a car for this rather than doing the tours. Also, wear your swim suit and towel to El Yunque..you can swim in the waterfall!The beach was not as bad as some say..it was pretty empty except for one day when a bus load of small kids came by for about 1\/2 hour. We just headed up to the pool, which was very nice. The beach is on the lagoon, so there are no waves to ride, and there is a bridge with a fair amount of traffic right next to the beach. It wasn't that bad, but if you want to walk for miles on a secluded beach, this was not the place. Other than the beach, the location of the hotel was great. Old San Juan was about a 35 minute walk, or there is local bus stop right next to the beach. If you walk down the block there are MANY great local restaurants...our favorite was ROPA VIEJA, a Cuban\/Puerto Rican place that was always crowded just a little ways down from the hotel. The Italian restaurant at the hotel was good, and so was the pool restaurant. Personally, I thought the drinks at the pool bar were expensive and did not have very much alcohol in them. Here's a great tip....there is a little convenience store just next to the hotel. We got a jug of Bacardi at the distillery, and stocked up on mixers at the store and made our own drinks!! We also tended to grab breakfast either at that store or at Starbucks next to the lobby (very convenient). Oh, and be warned, its hard to find decaf coffee down there! Overall, I thought this was a great hotel! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2787,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2781}]}