{"text":"Book with someone else, dont Thomas Cook it !! The resort and accomodation were excellent, we couldnt fault a thing apart from reception staff and a few rude barstaff but that wasn't going to spoil our holiday. 32 of us went to the Dreams hotel for my mums wedding, we all booked through Thomas Cook (appauling money grabbing company) and the Bride and Bidegroom booked through Signatue , as apparently Thomas Cook 'didnt do weddings', we all arrived at the hotel to find that 50% of our rooms were wrong and they were trying to make us pay (again) for an 'upgrade' to the rooms that we had already payed for. The wedding couple had payed extra for the honeymoon suite which had been double booked and it took them a week to get into their requested room. Thomas Cook reps were 'unable \/ unwilling' to do anything for us or the wedding couple and Signature didn't return any calls from the wedding couple, we had to sort it out ourselves. Eventually, when the rooms were sorted on the arrival day our holiday went down a storm with everyone, fantastic weather and accomodation (beware of the resident terantilla). The different restaraunts are all fantastic and very hard to chose between, none of us had one bad meal. Now that reps were a different story, totally useless, trying to get as much money from you as possible but not able to do their jobs correctly or give you the info that you needed, one rep, Nelson, from another holiday company however was excellent and all our trips, excursions were booked through him. Reps were very rude, hardly smiled and really didnt want to be there, when they were wich wasn not very often. Only other compaint \/ grumble would be the bar staff in the outside bar, very rude and ignorant but others were great. Entertainment for adults and kids was excellent and all other service staff were all very cheery, helpful, nothing was too much trouble for them, always smiling. Flights were absolutely appauling, Thomas cook cabin staff on outward journey were rude, unhelpful with the children, cabin was cramped for such a flight, looked more like a world war bomber than a holiday flight (food was appauling, make sure you are well fed prior to flying and take extras for the flight also).All in all, for the bargin price of 33,000 pounds sterling, a fantastic holiday and worth every penny......But book it with someone else though, DONT THOMAS COOK IT !!! ","annotations":[]}