{"text":"Great hotel, but sneaky tactics If I had written this review before check-out Habita would have, without doubt, received five stars. The room (we stayed in a middle-range one) was large by normal standards, well decorated, with an incredibly comfortable huge bed and a well-stocked bathroom. All the service we received was exemplary and the food and drink were good quality without being too crazily priced for a high-end hotel (buffet breakfast is not included in the room price but is US$12 and actually worked out slightly cheaper than eating the same at a local cafe). So we were pretty impressed - until we got our bill which revealed a number of underhand tactics. Firstly, the exchange rate offered is extremely poor even by hotel standards (we were given 11 pesos\/dollar when the official rate was 10.2) So if you want to pay your bill by credit card or in pesos cash you end up paying nearly 10% more. The only way of avoiding this is if you pay in US$ cash - but as the rooms are about US$200 you're looking at a carrying a pretty hefty amount of cash around. Not a particularly pleasant prospect in Mexico City (in the end we never felt threatened but had been given loads of warnings about robbery etc before we arrived and hence avoided big wads of cash). Secondly - there are a load of things left out in the bathroom like an Evian atomiser spray and bottled water alongside the sewing kits\/shower caps etc. A nice touch we thought, until at check-out we realised the sprays were US$10 each and the water was also chargeable (incidentally, we did check the minibar menu and checked for price tags on all of the items and there was no indication they were not complimentary). And finally, we asked reception to book a tour to Teotihuacan for us as we realised it was going to be tricky getting up there independently. We were given a price, but when we got the bill we found they had charged us a percentage commission on top of the price agreed. This was not mentioned when we booked it, and seemed like a rather odd practice - surely it should be the tour company paying the hotel commission for getting them custom, not the customer?Anyway, to cut a long story short we raised all of this with the manager when we got the bill and he basically said many guests had complained about the underhand charges, admitted it was 'unclear' the items were not free, but despite this would not budge on removing any of them from the bill. So a pretty unsatisfactory outcome.Overall I would recommend anyone staying at Habita to try and enjoy their stay but be aware they are likely to get stiffed financially. ","annotations":[]}