{"text":"Should be called El We will take every last dime you have and do nothing for you From the moment you arrive at El Conquistador, the experienced traveller knows something is wrong. You are told to park several blocks away from the hotel and then you wait in the blistering sun for a van to pick you up and bring you to the main lobby, all of which you are charged $15 a day for. Neither the van driver nor the bell men at the dropoff point assist you with your baggage (even women and children) unless you pay them up front.If you stay at Las Casitas (the higher end property) nobody at the main hotel will help you find your way as they appear to not care what happens to that property's guests. A cot for an additional guest in your room will run $45 a night and bedding (comforter) is not included. Everything you order from the bars has a 20% gratuity already included although the servers do not act like it. On our first day, four drinks cost us $58. Sandwiches for 3 people was $92. Then once you check out, your bill will undoubtebly have a multitude of charges that you never approved, everything from maid services (thought that was included in the price of the room?) to shuttle transportation that was never provided to parking charges for multiple vehicles even though you only had one vehicle. And please, do yourself a favor and do not leave the bar without signing your bill, assuming the staff will close it for you. That seems to be when most of the erroneous charges occur.After returning from Puerto Rico, I realized my card had been charged $6,000.00 erroneously which was in addition to the $2,000 mischarged while I was there. When I phoned the hotel to have it fixed, they told me their systems were down and they couldn't help me. That was the same answer I received when I was checking out and disputed several of the aforementioned charges they had erroneously applied to my account. All in all, my total tab was +$16,000.00 with more than $2,000.00 in erronecous charges which again, the hotel could not refund at the time of checkout because their computers were down as was internet in the room the entire time we were there (Great for spouses who want their spouse to focus on vacation, BAD for business people who have to keep tabs on the office while they're gone!). I can only guess how I will get my money back at this point.To be fair, the views at this hotel are like no other, as is the infinty pool and the private island available for guest use. The staff are next to worthless in terms of their desire to help you but if you can find a way to not be affected by their inattentiveness, your private moments with your family and loved ones can truly be priceless. But we had already heard about the financial mysteries that occurred at El Conquistador before we went and let me tell you, they are true! Keep all of your receipts and check your final bill vs. those receipts when you check out. Or just go to a hotel that is more trustworthy and avoid the mess altogether. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":966,"mention":"Sandwiches","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":956}]}