{"text":"Do Not Stay here!!! Terrrible Service 1. Just got our bill and they charged us $150 for a late check-out fee, although we were clearly out by 12 noon. We called the front desk for a golf cart at 11:30...No golf cart showed up, we waited for 30 minutes and finally decided to walk our 3 suitcases and 2 backpacks about the 1\/2 mile to our car in 90 degree weather! Terrrible!!!!! 2. They $25 charged us for a room service we never ordered!3. I Just called to give them a chance to fix things and again the service was the worst...Sorry sir the maids said you were still in the room at 2pm....We were half way to Isabella by then.4. One out of the two Room Keys did not work after the first night...I called for them to send another key and no one every came...We had to leave the door latch open when we were not together....I explained that we left the latch to keep the door open when we left just in case the maids key was not workin,,,,but no unstanding what so ever....5. Service at Restraunts was horrible, we ordered a regular dinner and it felt like our server was a buffet server...She didn't care. I asked for bread before our dinner, and she said go ahead and get some at the buffet counter...We did not order a buffet....I ordered wine. It was one of the smallest glasses to put wine in...6. The limited selection from the 3 out of the 6 expensive restaurants that were open wasn't very good. Either too salty, greasy, or cold when it should have been hot. A couple that had a small child went out of there way to complain to us about how there was no child meal, and they had to pay full price for a meal for there 5 year old...7. In conclusion, I read some one elses review, and should have listened and not stayed here...They do nickle and dime you to death, the resort is 3 or 4 miles from the main road, so you are stuck there to eat, and when the service and food is bad...thats not good8. The only upside, was the pool was nice. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1124,"mention":"bread","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":1119}]}