{"text":"Disappointing If you like bland, you are on business and expenses this is probably for you. Otherwise we found it disappointing.First the good bit:the waiting staff and food are excellent and reasonably priced for a 5*.We stay in Berlin 4\/5 times a year. Last we had a quite exceptional fixed price lunch at the Esplanade (Euros70). ..though we only discovered they did it by accident. Not advertised .We liked the foyer design and the waiting staff were friendly so we decided to try a room. They no longer do that lunch deal and have closed the Michelin starred restaurant (Vivos) .We booked online through the hotel site. A junior suite on a package that included b'fast and use of sauna. When we arrived there was a problem with the booking...others here have also had problems we see. Initially the receptionists seemed to sort it but then said the rate would be higher...by this time they had my CC...when I asked how much they said they didn't know. After some discussion they got their boss who was very helpful. Mysteriously he came up with a totally different rate....though not a package one. If we had used the sauna as intended we would have paid overall a little more. The difference was Euros20ish so I said that was fine, checked it again and wrote it down on the room card.The Junior suites are on the top ..7th floor. Superficially the are very attractive ...good colour palette, lots of space and individual terraces. However the views don't include any of Berlin's sights as they are the back of the hotel...why they arn't at the front overlooking the canal and on to Potsdamer Platz is a complete mystery.The suites quickly become annoying. There is no hanging space in the entrance lobby so you have to take (wet) coats right to the wardrobes past a narrow choke point with the bed\/desk. The bathroom is poorly laid out...double basins but no worksurface space. The loo is situated so you can be seen from the bed if you leave the door ajar. However designed them should return their fee.It is impossible to pass a member of staff at our normal hotels in Berlin without being pleasantly greeted......here we found some of the domestic staff surly. Evening room service was far too early. It's the only time I have not left a room tip in many years.The sauna is very clean as is the pool but totally impersonal....there is no bar and is just not a place to relax. You actually enter through an unmarked door in the basement which sets the tone.The lounge area is wonderfully designed...but the open fire and heating are insufficient to allow one to dwell on a cold night over a nightcap. The B'fast restaurant is impersonal and not designed for a lingering b'fast...it's aimed at the business traveller. However again the waiting\/chef staff couldn't be faulted.However I could have forgiven all this if it had not been for checkout. I checked my bill on screen before my final b'fast and found that I had not been charged the agreed rate, not even the higher rate but the higher rate plus the extra none package charges. At reception was the original check -in receptionist...she claimed she didn't remember the problem when we booked in. To be fair when we got the duty manager it was sorted amicably and easily....the change was on the system as a note but the girl done what was necessary to change the accounting system.Even at this stage I might have just put it all down to things going wrong and bad luck. But we paid and were asked if we ,wanted to pay in UK pounds'. This is the sort of exchange rate' scam' you expect in a cheap Bangkok restaurant not a 5* Berlin hotel. I felt is summed up the hotel...impersonal and margin driven. ","annotations":[]}