{"text":"An impressive hotel, highly recommended After reading the reviews, booked a three night stay. I had high expectations and the hotel did not disappoint. The legend that is the head of concierge, Farooq, was very helpful as were the rest of the staff. To give an example I had booked a trip on-line a few days before heading out to Paris and was having problems getting the voucher sent through to my hotmail. On arriving in Paris, which was the day of the dinner cruise that I had booked, I had still not recieved the necessary voucher. Farooq contacted the agency on my behalf, phoning the cell number left on their voice-mail and demandedthat they e-mail my voucher to the hotel which was with me 15 minuteslater, I only wished I had booked the trip through the hotel in the first place.The hotel is allegedly three star, but this can only be because they do not have a fantastic marble reception area!?(still perfectly clean and presentable), as everything else was first class. I had booked a relatively cheap deal through Expedia and was a little concerned that our room may be quite small, despite this we were upgraded to a superior room becuase the hotel was not quite full. The room was modern and large, spotlessly clean with a double balconyand view over the Arc.The hotel itself is in an excellent location with the Arc\/Champs Elysees literally a stones throw away. It is also very convenient for the Metro (3 lines) and RER (1 line) - Charles de Gualle Etoile exit 5 - so you can get back from places like the Eiffel Tower\/Moulin Rouge late at night (tip, although not advertised there is a late train on line 2 after the Moulin Rouge has finished so you can stay until the end). If you are doing a bit of travelling on the Metro\/RER, I would recommend that you get a carnet (10) of tickets, as this saves you a bit of time and money.The breakfast was pretty good, however there are cafes nearby and a mini supermaket a little further down Avenue carnot where you can pick up water and snacks.All in all I would highly recommend the hotel for your stay. ","annotations":[]}