{"text":"What a Great Hotel - Made our trip to Florence Incredible We have been remiss in not adding our overwhelming endorsement of this charming hotel in beautiful Florence. Without question, the management and staff of Casci are at the heart of this little gem. I, my wife, and our two teenaged daughters stayed for eight nights in February and we patted ourselves on the back for having selected Hotel Casci.The helpful assistance, and prompt and sensitive attention at check-in, check-out and in answering any questions was very much appreciated. The assistance in booking Uffizi tickets was great, as was assistance in booking our reservations at restaurants.The rooms are modern, well appointed, cozy and charming - no complaints at all. We felt like we were in the home of family friends or relatives. The grand staircase, and old-fashioned elevator added atmosphere and was in no way a hindrance. The views from our rooms were not spectacular but hardly important since the city of Florence beckons you outwards into the streets to enjoy and savour this truly amazing city. Each night, after walking the city from one end to the other, we happily mounted the stairs or elevator, were warmly greeted back by the gentleman or lady presiding at the front desk, returned to our rooms and collapsed into the deepest of happy sleeps. Each morning we awoke, had a great breakfast and were off again. The point we learned, in our humble view, is that a hotel in Florence is not about the view, or the special amenities and services (like spas or pools), or the magnificence of its decorations or public rooms. Such things are often important and we ourselves have selected hotels for those reasons. However, in Florence, we discovered that a warm and welcoming hotel with wonderful people, very comfortable rooms, in a good location, was what mattered. The Hotel Casci was the perfect choice!!We very much appreciated the lovely breakfast room, and the pleasant, attentive lady who met us each morning to help us with our cappucinos and boiled eggs. This was a great way to start the morning.Many of the hotels in Florence boast superb locations, considering the layout of the old city. Hotel Casci was, in our view, perfect for our planning. Just a short walk to the Duomo, the Academia, San Lorenzo, the Medici Chapel, the Baptistry...heck it was the perfect base of operations to go everywhere. One advantage, for us, was it's location in close proximity to Trattoria Mario's near the Market. We ate there five times during the trip and fell into the pattern of savouring the fine trattoria cooking at this amazing little place, and then wadling back to the Hotel Casci glowing with happy and very full tummies. (We also discovered some great wine bars nearby.)The sheer volume of positive, glowing reviews on Tripadvisor should be reason enough for anyone to feel quite confident in selecting Hotel Casci for a visit to Florence. We are glad to be able to add our voices to the multitude of hosts singing its praises. Thank you, belatedly, to Hotel Casci from the family from Cochrane, Ontario Canada. ","annotations":[]}