{"text":"Better off in a hostel The quality of service that we received during our stay was nowhere near what I would expect from a boutique hotel. In fact, it was below the standard of many hostels that I've stayed in around the world. There were three issues that created problems during our stay, all of which were not resolved when addressed with the hotel manager when informed. First, upon arrival to our room, the air conditioning had not been functioning. Upon informing the staff at reception, they said they'd look into it. Twenty minutes passed, and nothing had been done. When we went in person to the front desk to follow up, the staff member had stated she simply forgot.  About an hour or so later, after getting into bed, we heard the sound of the electronic deadbolt opening. The same reception staff member had let a complete stranger into the room - when realising he was in the wrong room he quickly left. I immediately called the front desk to enquire about why our room door was unlocked for a stranger, the staff member informed me that she had been walking down the hall when the person in question was standing in front of our door stating he didnt have his key and needing to get into the room. Instead of verifying at the front desk, they simply let him in. This created a serious concern for me about how much the hotel staff and management value the safety of their guests and their belongings. What would have happened had we not been in our rooms? The individual would have had access to all our belongings. Finally, when we had checked in, we had requested a wake up call to catch our airport shuttle bus. Luckily we also set our alarms on our mobile phones, since the front desk staff called half an hour late with the wake up call, stating they were Running late. All these instances take the experience beyond being able to be attributed to simple human error, but to serious management issues and resulted in unacceptable levels of customer service. ","annotations":[]}