{"text":"Dont listen to bad reviews! Stayed at dreams for two weeks in June and had the most amazing holiday! The place is beautiful, the gardens are immaculate, the pool is cleaned every morning, the sea is not crystal clear but the sand is golden and there were always spare sunloungers!Our room was lovely, nothing to complain about at all. Food was generally excellent, especially the French restaurant. The only minor complaint would be that we had to wait for a table nearly every night but never more than 30 minutes. I think some people are completely unrealistic in what they expect, the quality of the food was great especially when you consider they are feeding over 600 people every breakfast lunch and dinner! the breakfast buffet was amazing and had just about everything you could ever think of! The cocktails were also amazing!!Dont be put off by bad reviews, whilst we were there we did not meet one person who had anything bad to say about the place!There are people who set up stalls a few times a week in the hotel and they will try to get you to have a look, but nothing to worry about all you have to do is say no thanks and keep walking. after all they are only trying to make a living.We did go on an excursion to catalina island and although we had a lovely day alot of it was spent on the coach and I dont really think it was worth the money. We also went horseriding which was great althought the horses were on the skinny side!The weather was amazing, I cant believe people complain about the heat, its kind of obvious that its going to be hot in the carribbean in the summer months! The heat was fairly humid but by no means unbearable.The staff would bend over backwards to help you and work so so hard for very little money. i would advise it is a good idea to take plenty of one dollar notes for tipping.The spa was fab, expensive but what do you expect for a spa in a hotel. They do all the treatments for couples too which means you can have them done at the same time.Didnt watch any entertainment as jet lagged the whole holiday and not really our thing but apparently very good.Overall I had the most amazing holiday and was worth every penny! Some people are just to fussy and they are not happy unless they are complaining! If your in two minds about this place, i say GO! ","annotations":[]}