{"text":"Great location, value, especially for family Stayed here for 3 nights in July with my wife, 13 yo son, and 10 yo daughter. We booked a family room, which was outstanding. Very spacious. Second floor had two twin beds pushed together in a large bedroom, TV, a large bathroom with full bath\/shower, and sink. The first floor had a bathroom with a shower and sink (no full size bath), a small alcove with a twin bed, and a large living room with a TV, small desk, two couches, and windows opening to the interior of the city block. We had no noise problems whatsoever, although I suspect that's because we were on the interior of the block. The kids really enjoyed having some privacy and their own beds. The location is great, it's 1\/2 block from Passeig de Gracia, two blocks north of the north-end of Las Ramblas, two blocks north of Plaza de Catalunya, and one block from a Bus Turistic stop (hop-on\/hop-off).We ate breakfast at the cafe across the street. The owner spoke a little bit of English, but my rusty Spanish definitely was useful when ordering. There is a computer downstairs in the lobby with internet access, but since it is popular, expect a short wait and don't expect to be able to spend long on it given others waiting.Several minor complaints about the room...1) Other than the bathrooms, everything is very open, so everyone can hear everything despite the large size2) The TV controllers for the 2 TV's would sometimes affect both TV's. So someone watching TV downstairs, for example, could end up changing the channel or such on the one upstairs. One night, one of our neighbors ending up turning on our TV during the middle of the night while we were asleep.3) The kitchen is locked and they will not allow you access to it.The family room location is literally next door to the main location. It's probably about 30 feet from the lobby entrace to the adjacent entrance. You need a key to get into the adjacent property, and they only have enough keys for one per family, although the front desk is happy to come let you in if the group gets split up.I definitely recommend the hotel for its location and value, especially for families. We would stay here again. ","annotations":[]}