{"text":"Layne Hotel - A place to sleep without feeling ashamed. And not much more. The Layne Hotel was adequate as a place to stay the night, but hardly enticing. I stayed four nights and was not at all sorry to leave.The antique elevator was fun and interesting, but not a real reason to stay overnight--visit it as a tourist if you like. If you have large dimensions or large luggage you might have trouble fitting through the elevator door. And, if you are uncomfortable with elevators, you definitely don't want to use this one as it operates with clinks and clanks and its workings are more exposed, being quite old. Small children definitely need physical restraining during the ride as serious injury is possible if you stick your hand through the bars. I wouldn't stay in the hotel with a small child just on principle.The narrow spiral staircase was not a great alternative to the elevator.And what is it with hotels and bedsheets? I like the sheet to cover the mattress and firmly tuck in, not to have an inch of mattress exposed at the bottom of the bed where my toes will touch it. Now, all mattresses at all hotels are not cleaned very often, but who wants to touch the same spot that other, perhaps unwashed feet have spent hundreds of nights touching? Yuck! Attempting repair of the sheet tucking revealed that the sheet was not long enough to tuck in both at the top and the bottom, so you have to choose one or the other. Also, the top sheet was tucked in so tightly and so far on the sides that pulling it out halfway dislodged the bottom sheet, too.The bed also had a bonus spring sticking out of it which I was able to avoid as I was its only occupant. But the two deep body impressions made the night a somewhat bumpy and leaning travelling experience.There is no air conditioning. Opening the unscreened window did cool the room, but once I was assaulted by cigar smoke and had to close the window right away.Directly across from the hotel is a massage parlor and within one block are three more. I know for sure that at least one of these has a rather liberal definition of masseuse (that is, prostitute).The front door is always locked and you have to be buzzed in every time you wish to enter. The staff was friendly and helpful.There was only a single garbage can in the room (in the bathroom), no facial tissues so blow your nose on toilet paper, and no clock on the nightstand, although they do offer wake-up calls.Pluses which I didn't really care about were a refrigerator and microwave.For the price, the room was adequate, and I am not telling you not to stay there, as nothing was so bad that I couldn't deal with it. But when you stay at a 2-star hotel, you get 2-star accomodations. ","annotations":[]}