{"text":"Horrible Customer Service! My husband and I stayed at the Silver Cloud because we were in town for a show. We had problems with the staff from the very beginning. I travel often with my work all over the country and over seas. I have never experienced such horrible treatment. Upon checking in the front counter staff asked for a credit card for deposit on the room as most hotels do. I informed them that I would be doing a cash deposit as was my custom due to past issues with identity theft and fraud. I have never had an issue with this at any other hotel. Often hotels will ask for a larger deposit if you do cash, but they always except it. In fact it is against the law in our country to refuse cash because as it states on any bill this note is legal tender for a debts public and private. Despite my explaining all of this the staff continued to argue with me. I explained to them all the various hotels I have stayed at and have never experienced any problem and in fact I even do a cash deposit for rental cars. The manager finally came out and was even more offensive. In light of the time and our need to get to our show, I told them I would consent to them charging a $25 dollar deposit on my credit card but no more and asked that they turn of my phone and pay channels because I did not want to be charged for any services by mistake. The next morning upon checkout the matter only got worse. As I was checking out I needed to pay for valet parking and expected them to charge against the previously authorized $25. They told me I would need to pay an additional $20 because they did not know how to do that. As a business owner I have a merchant account and know if you authorize a credit card you can then go in and use the pre-authorized amount for the actual charge. In fact that is what an authorization is for. Then the girl asked me if I would prefer to pay CASH for the parking! I was irate and said that I had tried to pay cash last night, but they wouldn't accept it! I refused to pay and insisted she charge against the already authorized amount and if she did not know how to do that she could call her merchant account provider and find out how to. The whole experience was absolutely ridiculous. I suggest the entire staff take a course in proper customer service skills and front desk procedure. ","annotations":[]}