{"text":"Fairytale Luxury Honeymoon in Paradise - we spent 5 fairytale nights and it was perfect for a luxury and private holiday together. We were like two little kids in a candy store. The villa's are luxury all the way with top end ammendities, detail, features (outdoor shower  plunge pool), flat screen TV's, etc. The resort is set up as a village with beautiful grounds that puts you back in time or in a fairytale movie....wonderful! The food and service is excellent - all top end and with a varied menu for all cultures - plenty of selection for the pickiest of eaters. Prices of course are high for Bali but similar to big cities around the world. Wine was expensive at this resort but as well at all top end restaurants in Bali - this was unexpected. We had the most romantic dinner I've ever had our first evening - beds on the beach (for 20 couples each having their own privacy) with over a thousand candles and tourches placed in front of the beds on the sandy private beach. We couldn't have planned a more romantic honeymoon...Four Season has their own beach and the waves are perfect for playful swimming (unlike the Indian ocean with big rough waves on other parts of the island). While lounging at the beach and pool areas, service provides fresh water, towels, sun screen and full bar\/restaurant service and all the water toys you need.If you like socializing this is not the place for you. Perfect for honeymooners, retreats, get-aways and to unwind. We found it hard to socialize with guests and staff (I think they are trained to give you the upmost privacy). Note, staff was great - very professional, some of the kindest people in the world. We had visited another Bali resort during the same trip that we found to be more social and engaging with guests and staff - we liked that more. This resort was above my expectations for a honeymoon destination and HIGHLY recommended. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":170,"mention":"candy","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Candy"],"startOffset":165}]}