{"text":"loved it, would stay again For our recent trip to Paris, we were extremely pleased with our experience at Hotel Des Grandes Hommes. From reservation to check-out, our experience with the front desk was easy, efficient, and pleasant. They were helpful with making and confirming reservations, and also with recommendations for local restaurants, bakeries, and useful french phrases. We took the RER B from CDG airport, walked just a few short blocks to the hotel, and found a small but elegant lobby (with plenty of seating). We were told that our room wouldn't be ready until 2pm. We anticipated this, so we used the spotless bathroom in the lobby to freshen up, stored our luggage in the lobby, and explored the city until around dinner time. We were upgraded to a Pantheon view-room (still standard room, though) and were impressed with the quality and cleanliness of the room (which had all of the basics- safe, tv, minibar, etc). And of course, there was the wonderful view of the Pantheon. Yes, the room was small, but there was enough room for all of our luggage. My only complaint about the room is that there wasn't enough light. It was fine for getting around, but it was almost impossible to read in bed unless you were right next to the little lights at near the headboard. Some additional ambient light would have been very useful. The bathrooms, however, were sparkling clean (and very bright, I might add). As someone who is pretty OCD-ish about things like that, I couldn't have been happier. The first night seemed very cold, until we realized that the thermostat was set to about 50 degrees F (we fixed that quickly). We took advantage of the free Wi-Fi in the rooms to confirm locations, restaurant hours, etc. We stored our daily goods from the markets in the small mini-fridge.I cannot comment on the breakfast, as it was not included in our package (we reserved a non-breakfast package off the website for a great deal), but there are plenty of boulangeries and cafes within a stone's throw of the hotel. Our favorite restaurant was very close to the hotel- Les Papilles on r. Gay-Lussac (reservations required)- a small restaurant with only one option for dinner, a daily changing 4 course menu for 31 euros. Our meal was sublime. I also recommend Marche Biologique on Sunday mornings (on Blvd Raspail near r. Sevres) for lots of eating goodies. Location was great- we walked as far as the Tuileries gardens\/Louvre, but used the subway for when we were pressed for time or for when our legs were tired (to the Eiffel Tower- although on a nice day, this is also walkable [discosure- we are in our low 30s]). All in all, we had very high hopes for this hotel, based on the numerous positive reviews on this website, and it exceeded our expectations. For our next trip to Paris, we will definitely try and stay here again! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2564,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2560}]}