{"text":"Read This Please I KNOW THIS IS LONG BUT PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU VISIT DR!!!It depends on what kind of a vacation you are looking for but I can honestly say, DR is not for me. To begin, DR is very poor and seems to be pretty unsafe in most areas. I have done a lot of traveling and DR was probably the most unsafe place I have been. I want to start by saying, the sand on the beach is gorgeous and the hotel food is very good. The buffet (Le Buffet) is pretty much where we ate every night (I can also recommend the Mexican restaurant and the Beach Club - also very good food).The hotel itself was very nice looking on the outside but the rooms seemed to be luck of the draw. Some had hot water, some had better AC and many were dirtier than others (a certain strange odor (nicely put) seemed to linger in many of the rooms). The resort was big, which only caused a problem when it rained (which it did most of my vacation) because you had to walk a good distance to get to the beach, lobby, restaurants...and you were soaked by the time you got there and it's can be irritating after a few long days of rain.As far as the hotel staff and it's amenities, lets just say, I can look back and laugh (now that I am home). The staff (as well as many of the visitors) do not speak English, not even a little bit of English. This can be very frustrating if you are trying to get answer, which was impossible at this hotel. Not only was there a language barrier, but the staff themeselves although very pleasent, seemed very unconcerned with basic hospitality. Make sure you have all your arrangements in check prior to your arrival because you will not be able to get an answer from the staff!!!The shows and activities were nothing less than CHEESY in my opinion. This also depends on what you like, but off-beat singing to bad songs and very goofy dance moves equals total cheese to me. But, the good thing is, if you don't like the entertainment, don't sit by them on the beach and do not attend the shows at night (although the signing is so loud you can hear it throughout the entire resort).The beach was the most interesting part!!! Please be advised, there will be a lot of old ladies that love showing what they got, if you know what I mean!!! And don't forget about their husbands, they love wearing small spedos and yes, thongs !!! Not a great sight for me or any children that are subjected to looking at all that good stuff, if you want to venture anywhere outside of your own room (It is actually quite funny). If the beautiful sand and warm water is not good enough for you, not to worry, you can also get a massage (in front of all the people on the beach), get your fake nails put on, get a temporary tattoo or even braid your hair...all things that just make the atmospher even more tacky then I thought possible!!!In the end, it was nice to get a tan in the winter but if you want a somewhat classier type of vacation...do not go to DR. This resort was one of the nicer place in DR and trust me, it's TACKY!!! If you are looking for a quick, cheap getaway, filled with interesting people (nicely put also) then DR is the place for you, otherwise look around at other great places in the caribbean. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":557,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":553}]}