{"text":"Terrible front desk service This one star rating is directly related to service. Front desk personnel is at best condescending; and at their worst, insulting. I was blind sided by their misery because I visited another Affinia property last fall (on 34th st )and had no problems at all. I reserved a one bedroom suite at both.One example: The suite has a kitchen. We needed extra flatware. When the flatware was requested, I was given a lecture by front desk clerk Carmel O'Conner on how she doesn't tolerate parties in the rooms. When I told her that I was an adult and fully aware of proper conduct, she proceeded to tell me about her past experiences and then repeated that she didn't want to hear any complaints from my neighbors. When I told her that I was insulted, she continued to chastise me. The flatware was delivered 4 hours later. I had already walked to the store and had purchased plastic ware.Two of us occupied this one bedroom suite (three beds and seating for aproximately ten). I am a middle aged woman with no history of raucous behavior (smile). She made a lot of assumptions and put a damper on a fun day. I got no satisfaction from the person who identified himself as the manager. When I called Don Frazier at their corporate office, he didn't even bother to call back. There were several other instances of snottiness and neglect. i.e. I pulled up in a cab, requested a bellman and went back outside to stand with my bags. They forgot all about me. The cab driver was gone, so I couldn't leave the bags. Finally a nice passer by went in an reminded them.One exception is their doorman, Rome. While I waited several hours for my room to be ready, he came and brought reading material and maps. I noticed that he was kind and helpful to everyone who came through the doors.Regarding the rooms. They are standard 3 star, no disappointment there. The bathrooms are very small, carpeting, etc. has seen better days. For the price, you wouldn't be disappointed.However, if you think that you may have to communicate with anyone at the front desk...pick another hotel. ","annotations":[]}