{"text":"Far Better than Expected! What a great little hotel! Can't be beat for the price. We loved everything about it. We wanted to stay in a central location and you can't beat the location of this hotel. We were in Paris right before Madrid and were expecting something similar to what we stayed in there (small bathroom, no-a\/c, bad service, etc.) but were completely surprised and pleased with Hotel Europa. It far exceeded all of our expectations. All of the staff are friendly, competent, and helpful. The entire hotel is very clean and modern. Although it is right on Puerta Del Sol (lots of pedestrian traffic) it is very secure and safe. We requested a room on the highest floor possible and you should too. The rooms facing the outside of the hotel all have a small half balcony with double doors and double-pane glass. The Puerta Del Sol can be a little noisy with all the shops, restaurants and musicians, but with the doors closed we couldn't hear a thing. The late-afternoon sun would shine right on the balcony and it was nearly magical in a way to stand there and bask in the warm Madrid sun with the narrow streets, pedestrians, and old buildings below. The room had 2 beds and was big for a European hotel. The bathroom was huge and sparkling clean each day. It had both bath and shower (again a rarity) and the floor, walls and vanity were all polished stone. Our room was located on the side street (Calle del Carmen) instead of directly facing the Puerta which we liked better. Many shops and restaurants are in walking distance, the Metro is a couple steps away. Plaza Mayor is a 5 minute walk, as is San Gines Chocolateria. Starbucks is right down the street, and the double decker bus tour stops at Puerta del Sol (worth the money to see Madrid sights- and they sell tickets at the hotel front desk.)Ample closet space, in-room safe, great central heat\/air, and overall a quiet environment. Also the Hotel cafe is great for late night snack or coffee  breakfast in the morning.Only one downside is that the internet connection was quite slow, not sure why. Wireless does not reach the upper floors although it is available in the lobby. When we inquired about the slowness of the hard-wired connection in the room, we were told that we should rent a cable from the hotel for $2 per day and the speed would be improved. Sounds like a scam to me, although I never felt that the staff were dishonest or misleading in any way. Maybe I misinterpreted what they were saying Book this hotel now because they undoubtedly will be awarded more stars which means they can raise their rates. Right now it is a bargain for the location and level of service. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1967,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1961}]}