{"text":"Incredible position - you know you are in Paris! My husband and I lived in Paris for two years, so when we go back we usually stay in apartments. This time, we had only two nights so decided to stay in a hotel. The Brighton has been recommended to me and I had inspected it when I lived in Paris, so knew exactly what to expect.It really is one of the best located hotels in Paris for the price. For more than double you can stay at the Meurice only a few doors up and stay in a much smaller room (though admittedly more luxurious). But, remember, you are in Paris - you won't spend all your time in your room! Having said that, our room was huge - big king size bed, large armoire, plenty of space, two windows and a narrow balcony running the entire length of the large room. The bathroom had twin basins, a separate shower and bath, and a separate toilet. I choose a large room with a balcony on the fourth floor to ensure that we would be high enough to see over the trees of the Tuileries and to enjoy the incredible view. And incredible it is -you are opposite the Tuileries Gardens, with Musee D'Orsay in the background - the Louvre to the left, the Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe on the right. We absolutely loved it and you definitely know you are in the heart of Paris at such a fabulous location. We skipped the hotel breakfast and went over to the gardens to have breakfast from the Paul patisserie cart at the Louvre end. They have tables set up with a coffee machine - superb! The staff were very helpful. We had huge amounts of luggage and the porter was great. All very couteous, friendly and welcoming. No negative experiences at all. But, do ask for a high room with a balcony - so much nicer being about to step outside to feel Paris and well as see it.And did I mention the location???? Opposite the Tuileries metro stop, so if you can't walk somewhere, just jump on a metro. Also, there were always plenty of taxis available. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1474,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1468}]}