{"text":"Sort of grows on you if your not a chain junkie Okay, just got back from a 4 day stay in Toronto. This was our treat since we could not make it south this year. This is a hotel that requires an open mind. It is a small hotel that is extremely active and is meant for people who do not plan to hang around the room, order room service etc. We arrived on Thursday. Our plan was to stay at the hotel, eat in the DR then go dance a bit downstairs in the dance lounge. We wanted to take it easy after a 5 hour travel and stay low. Well, quash that idea! The entire place was reserved for a private party. We paid 219.00 for the night and we could not use any of the amenities the hotel offers. We were not happy. We explained this to management. They were very professional. They promised to work hard to make our stay memorable. OK so lets see. Friday night we had supper in the dining room. The manager Patricia came over to us aware of the situation from the previous night. She offered us a complimentary glass of champagne. The meal was great. We ate often at the hotel during our stay. Very good interesting food. A credit to the hotel. Prices are reasonable.After our supper we went out and arrived back at 3:30 am to find some people yelling in the hallway. I confronted them and things were okay after that. However 3 hours later at 7:30am we were awoken to blasting music from the hallway speaker system. I ran down the stairs to the FD to ask them about it. Turns out there is a short in the system. Went back to sleep awoke to find 2 comp breakfast passes. After that the rest of the stay was pretty uneventful. Summary: rooms are small but very nice and stylish. Very contemporary bathroom setup. No bath and could use more light for makeup etc. Beds are amazing. You cannot have other people in the room after midnight. Hotel has great food and a hot lounge for the younger crowd. Overall staff are excellent and very helpful. Although we asked a girl at the FD about the restaurants close by that they list in their guide. She said she just moved there so had no idea. Didnt bother asking the other employees who were there. Small thing but it matters in a place like this. Its a very personal hotel. One big warning!! Check the events calendar at the hotel for private parties. It can be a real hassle when they have these private functions and you are forced to go out. I must add the staff really understood this issue. I got the impression from mngmnt that they are reviewing that policy. You cannot charge guests 219 a night then say you cant use the dining room or the bar etc. Bad policy, plus we were checked at the hotel entrance twice. private party remember. Even the guests were in the way. We will stay there again but we feel mgmnt really underestimated our disappointment our first night. A glass of champagne did nothing to change that. On that one note the hotel missed the mark. Fun place, fun neughborhood, personal type hotel. We will see you again Jonathan.Dave  Monique ","annotations":[]}