{"text":"New Name, New Ownership, New Issues... Crowne Plaza was sold and this hotel is now known as the Hotel 480. Having stayed here before the change and now for 5 days after the change, I have a comparison that is not very favorable for the new ownership. LOCATION LOCATION LOCATIONBefore I go any further let's state the obvious. You cannot beat the location of this hotel, regardless of who owns it or what name is painted on the outside. Located one block north of Union Square, right on the cable car line and with ample public (read - much cheaper than the hotel parking) within a block - visitors to the city will appreciate the central location. We parked the car on arrival and had absolutely no need to use it for the whole week until departure.Now the not so good news.,, Hopefully it's just the pains of transition causing some service issues but I have to say the majority of negatives with our stay were associated with the service. We had troubles with housekeeping opening a door clearly identified as Do Not Disturb, phone calls from engineering at 6am about problems we never reported, etc. We were here with MacWorld and selected the hotel because it claimed free internet access for conference attendees - this was not so. This may be a problem with the MacWorld folks though. But once connected for the internet broadband - you're better off taking your chances on a modem. The internet access is terrible and in tremendous need of upgrade. The onsite restaurant is outrageously overpriced even for Union Square. We recommend Lori's across the street for a more reasonable (although not gourmet but still good) breakfast or lunch. We're hoping the sad state of the hallways on the 9th floor were due to intended\/scheduled remodeling because if not - the condition of that floor is not anything a $199 a night hotel should be proud of regardless of it's location. Minor issues like a TV that continually shut itself off and on again can be overlooked if it wasn't for the $199 a night price. Speaking of the TVs - the small TV provided is kind of strange considering most major hotels upgrades to flat screens and larger models.Having said all that - We hope that this hotel gets it together and may try it again for a one or two night stay in the future to see if things improve. It would be such a waste to have a hotel with such a great location and enthusiastic staff to be hampered by a lack of infrastructure maintenance and management.So we'd be interested to see future reviews from Trip Advisor folks as to the state of this hotel in transition. ","annotations":[]}