{"text":"Just make sure you get good rates I stayed here simply because I was working with a client and they were staying here as well. My company paid premium dollars ($349) per night because by the time I booked the only rooms available were Ocean View Executive Suites and I have to say, before I went, I was quite excited at the thought of staying in such a room. However, the reality was quite different (or maybe they put me into an ordinary room and pocketed the difference). Let's put it this way - if this is their Executive Suite then I would hate to see the standard rooms. There was a sitting room area that you entered first and then the bathroom and then the bedroom. It was all very ordinary and definitely not what I expected. To top it all off I was on a low floor and so didnt have much of a view at all - only really of the kiddies playground by the swimming pool. I did have glimpses of the bay area and I could just about see the jets as they came in to land. Apart from that , the room stank of cigarette smoke and I had to get an ionizer brought up.The location, however, is good and I do agree if you need an airport stopover that is is probably a way better choice if you dont mind the taxi fare to here (as opposed to shuttle buses for the airport hotels). The restaurants around here are truly great and I would be amazed if anyone couldnt find somewhere to eat that they enjoyed. On top of that the hotel itself has quite a good complex of shops and places to eat so all in all it is a good placce to stay but justmake sure you get a good deal thats all.I think if you do a deal with the hotel and it includes breakfast etc then it is possibly worth it but honestly I was super disappointed especially considering what my Company paid for this. So make sure that you get a good rate and make sure you have a room on a high floor with proper Ocean Views and this would be a good place to stay. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":150,"mention":"premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":143}]}