{"text":"Beautiful resort Just came back from Punta Cana a couple of weeks ago.We really had a good time.The airport in Punta Cana is absolutely cool! Very unique but also very efficient (they even have a playground for the kids in the departure section). It took us about 30 min to get to the resort. The check in was fine, and even though it was only noon, we got our keys to the room!The rooms are fine, a bit dated, but clean and comfortable. And absolutely no bugs\/mosquitoes, etc.!Riu Bambu has a great layout. No matter where you are, you are always really close to everything, just a short stroll away.The hotel grounds are wonderful. Well maintained with lots of shade from the palm trees.The beach is just spectacular. Picture perfect! White sand and the turquoise water. And the ship wreck is amazing! You could walk on the beach for hours in both directions. We didn't have any problems with the vendors. Were only stopped when walked by the beach market. The beach in front of the Riu complex, in my opinion, is the nicest of all other resorts, for the palm trees. No other hotels has so many of them. They are just great for a shade and a little breeze! There was never a problem with finding a beach chair.The staff was wonderful - they are working very hard, but were always helpful and smiling.The entertainers worked really hard and there are always some activities going on. They were very friendly and making sure you are having a good time. The evening shows were OK - most nights - silly games with the guests, but we had a few good laughs.The food is OK, don't expect gourmet dining and you'll be fine. We didn't try the a la carte, but the buffet was good enough, we were always able to find something we liked. And no one got sick!I had a massage in one of the huts on the beach. Great! Very relaxing! Well worth it - $52.00 for 50 min.The only little annoyance was with the beach towels. It seems like they don't have enough of them. There were times when the fresh towels were not available at all. And they told us we can only exchange once a day. The weather was amazing! Sunny and hot, we only had showers late at night.This resort is a very laid back, casual, relaxing little paradise. Solid 4 stars. Just go and have fun! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":742,"mention":"White","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":737}]}