{"text":"It Truly Was Excellente! I cannot say enough about this Resort. My husband and I arrived on 9\/29 and from the arrival time? Everyone was Outstanding, thanks Jose V. Morales my friend! Hola!We also celebrated our 33rd Wedding Anniversary and what a Great way to Celebrate. We feel we left a family behind and happy to say, we are planning our next vacation BACK and we cannot wait to come Home! My husband and I travel alot on our own and with his Company. We have been to many great Resorts and we must say? Excellence? Your Top-Notch! You are up there with the BEST! To all the Staff from Front Desk, housekeeping to server's (Hola Manuel)! You all do an Outstanding JOB! No, let me correct that, you do an Excellente Job! And you do it so well with smiles and songs and making everyone feel part of the family. My husband and I cannot say enough about this trip only Next trip in home? WE make it longer!The food was excellente, and people come on if you couldn't find one item to enjoy at this Resort? Then don't go back. What my dislikes were had nothing to do with the Resort or the Staff people. It had to do with the travelers (not all mind you) but some. Here is a Resort that has everything one could possbility desire, goregous beach, clean pools, excellent food, clean rooms and you see each day how hard the Staff people work. Even when I go away I clean, I at least try to make rhyme for housekeeping not have our place look like a mess. And then to see folks leaving empty drink glasses around the pool ledge, come on people your on vacation but you can't take the glass back to the pool bar? It's totally embassing to see how some folk treat a Resort but I find it horrible. And they should be ashamed. Grown Adults sometimes could be worst then children and frankly most children would clean up after themselves. I just feel it's not a WAY to RESPECT a Beautiful Resort and Lovely people who work here. And those who have written reviews and complained? Your probably the one's who where disrepectful to the Islanders Resort. Well my friends at Excellence? We cannot wait to come return, you have a wonderful Resort and what makes it so wonderful are the people who are employed at this Resort, again God Bless you all! Everything was just Outstanding and yes my friends, Excellente! Til we meet again next year, God Bless!Michele PesterDoylestown, PA USA ","annotations":[]}