{"text":"Beautiful Island Beautiful People! Where do I start? We stayed at the Bavaro from Aug. 13th thru the 21st. I read all the reviews before I left and if you believe any of the negative ones you're crazy...We had a smooth flight from Newark, NJ to Porta Platta, D.R., beautiful airport. One suggestion, before you get in line with your passports etc, buy the required $10.00 entry card as they did not instruct us so we had to scramble to hold our space in line.The ride from the airport was no different than a ride down any back road I have been on. The driving gets a little hairy at times but hey I'm from Jersey and this was a walk in the park.The welcome at the hotel was great. Banana Mama drinks for everyone. We had 17 family members with us!!! Just remember to get your safe key before you leave the lobby. The room was fine. We stayed in 2464 which is behind the pool. It did have the musty smell that everyone talks about but was super clean with absolutely no bugs at all. I brought some Lysol and it keeps the musty smell down. It does get into you're clothes so bring the dryer sheets for the luggage and wash them good when you get home. I think the problem here is the A\/C is not like in the states, if they had a dehumidifier hooked up to the A\/C like we do it would kill the musty smell. It was hot and sunny everyday, only one small shower. The restaurants are air conditioned and if you can when your in the buffet get the outside tables where you can catch a breeze. (Fans are on all the time). The food was good. I found plenty to eat. Some things are strange to you but I didn't have a problem. Not one and I mean not one of us got sick!!! We drank the table water, had ice in our drinks etc. The buffets were extemely clean, The breakfast buffet is enclosed... No flys, the lunch is outside by the pool and was also clean.The pool was great... The only problem is the slippery pool deck. Be careful when you walk around the pool. The Dominican people were awesome. Hats off to Leonardo and Santana at the beach bar.. Go Yanks!!!! They were the best.To sum it up, I loved it all, the beach, the pool, activties, casino but most of all the wonderful hard working Domican people.Hope to got back in the future. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":250,"mention":"Porta","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Porta_Hotel_Antigua"],"startOffset":245}]}