{"text":"Good time, but average resort We've been to other carribean places, but this was our (my husband and myself) first time to Punta Cana. We booked our trip through Apple Vacations. Overall, we had a good vacation, but would probably not return to the resort.FLIGHT\/AIRPORT - The chartered flight was fine(but the snack for purchase was horrible). Shuttle from\/to the airport was prompt with no problems.RESORT (GENERAL) - we found the resort to be nice, clean, and friendly. People were constantly cleaning up and for the most part and the staff was friendly (in spite of the language barrier). Except for the front desk, most of the staff do not speak English so if you speak Spanish, Italian, or French, it can go a long way. My high school Spanish was really out of date but I managed to say a few words here and there in Spanish and was able communicate with the staff. The resort caters to a lot Europeans so everything is in Euros, etc. There is a whole section of the resort that is dedicated to Italians. The week we were there, lots of groups with young Italians. This is what we found frustrating at times: for the most part, we did not find the Italian guests to be friendly or even considerate of others. They smoke everywhere, even if you've been sitting at the couch before them they came along. They cut in front of you at the bar without regard to you being there and politely waiting your turn. Fort the most part, we shrugged it off as difference in culture and tried to have a good time. ROOM- Ocean Bavaro was clean and nice. We stayed in block 5 (had a good view of the beach from our balcony). We thought the room was clean and properly furnished. We paid tips everyday for maid service and they gave good service. We did not find the rooms to be musty or smelly. Overall, no complaints on the room.RESTAURANTS - Buffet was okay, A La Carte Restaurants were better. We enjoyed Spanish and Italian restaurants the most. If you are a meat lover, Brazilian restaurant is a good place to eat. Japanese restaurant was too salty for my taste bud (and very not Japanese).BEACH - was wonderful, clear warm water. There are some seaweeds but nothing to really bother you.ENTERTAINMENT - the light show was nice. the people seem to put alot of effort into the show and it was nice but most of it came across as an amateur talent contest.WEATHER - We stayed a week in the middle of June. Some showers but they were sporadic. The water was always warm!For English speakers (especially Americans), I would recommend a different resort. ","annotations":[]}