{"text":"Very disappointed - won't stay here again I was extremely disappointed in this property after reading the previous reviews. We stayed at Hotel Lawrence on OU\/TX weekend, so the rates were inflated, especially for what we received, or didn't. HL could use some TLC. We stayed on the eighth floor, and the hallway and our room could use a removal of the many layers of old and painted-over paint and a fresh coat applied, and the woodwork throughout the property could use another coat of varnish. The carpets need to be replaced as well.Our room was tiny. They should remove the armoire to make it seem bigger. The closet is about 2 feet wide, and there is a canvas sweater holder in it. The only lock that worked on the door is the kind where you push the small metal arm that is attached to the door across the metal piece that is attached to the door frame. This would still allow someone to open the door a couple of inches.We tried unsuccessfully for 30 minutes to log onto the wireless Internet, then looked everywhere for the ethernet cord without finding it, and ended up calling the front desk to troubleshoot. We were told the wireless was down and that we needed the cord that is located at the front desk. It was not offered to be brought up to us, so my husband had to retrieve that.There were three pillows on the bed. We called the front desk to ask for another and were told the hotel was out of extra pillows.We also were only given two towels and washcloths. Didn't like our chances to get extras of those, so we didn't ask. Our tub drained very slowly, so we stood in ankle-deep water while taking showers. We brought this to the attention of the front desk attendents three times. Once we were told maintenence would be advised and the other two times were told it was because everyone was taking a shower at the same time and the pipes couldn't handle the outflow.There is no pay per view.HL is within walking distance of West End, so the two nights we were there, we were awakened around 2:30 a.m. by the people next door returning. (The documents the hotel had its customers sign upon check-in agreeing to keep the noise level down were obviously ignored.) The kicker to our stay is when we returned to our room approximately 8:30 p.m. that evening, after being gone for nine hours, we discovered our room door had been left standing ajar a couple of inches by the cleaning crew. After a thorough search of our belongings, fortunately we discovered nothing was missing, including the laptop left on the desk. We immediately called the front desk and again brought it to their attention when checking out, but nothing was said except, Glad to hear nothing was missing.You know when you walk into someplace and feel like it needed to have a really good scrubbing? That is how I felt walking into this hotel.On a positive note, the cookies were warm.I will not stay at this hotel again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2858,"mention":"cookies","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cookie"],"startOffset":2851},{"endOffset":2858,"mention":"cookies","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cookie"],"startOffset":2851}]}