{"text":"a perfect elegant retreat We stayed at the Seven Bridges for the first time in March 2007, having read all the wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor. All the good things you read are true!We had room 8 on the top floor, but also had the chance to see some of the other rooms and they all look beautiful. We were originally booked into room 4 with the garden view, but on arrival were asked if we would mind changing as the air conditioning was being installed. (note that this is complete now, for those who complained last summer!). We were happy to change as the new room was lovely, and although we were offered the opportunity to move back to our original booking during our stay, we felt so cosy in our upper room that we elected just to stay there! Our early arrival and check in due to our flight was accomodated without any problems. Similarly on departure, we requested an earlier breakfast, and again this was not a problem. As to the breakfast, well other reviewers have said all there is to say on the huge platters and the tasteful china. Suffice to say that you may not need lunch!As it was March, it was quite cold outside, and it was bliss to return to our cosy room which was always wonderfully warm. In fact, just coming back to the hotel and walking up the steep steps, it is easy to imagine that this is your home. The hosts are so charming and welcoming, it feels as though you are staying with good friends for a couple of nights, and certainly nothing like being in a hotel. The stairs inside the hotel are very steep, but this is all part of the charm, and we thought it was fun!The location has been well reviewed - we can only repeat that it is an ideal location, easy to get everywhere once you get your bearings, lots of good restaurants nearby and handy for the tram if you don't want to walk any more. The views of the canals are fabulous, and it is easy to sense the history behind the city.As we have been to Amsterdam before, we did not plan to visit any of the usual tourist venues, but the Seven Bridges is ideal for just wandering the banks of the canals and taking in the sights and lifestyle.We have nothing but praise for the hotel, the biggest problem will probably be making a repeat booking, as it is so rare to find such a charming place whose owners really care about their guests! Thank you to our gracious hosts. ","annotations":[]}