{"text":"Loved it - perfect This was an outstanding hotel, good value for the money, great location, and very very very quiet rooms (see below). Everything we could have asked for.The hotel is 5 minutes from Puerta del Sol but not on a major street like Gran Via, so it is reasonably quiet. Very safe area. You are within 1 minute of 2 different metro stops.The hotel is a business class hotel, with extremely sleek interior and professional staff. The staff was very helpful - fair English, very willing to help make reservations, call taxis, etc. Made good suggestions for restaurants, shopping, etc., and provided a useful map, too.There are 2 computers with so-so internet access in the basement.The room is small to average for Europe, small by US standards, but is extremely sleek and with a lot of features that were unexpected. For example, there are electrically-controlled window shutters; a flat-screen TV with about 40 stations; tons of lighting including 2 different individually-controlled reading lamps for each bedside; a small refrigerator; safe and hair-dryer. The bathroom is very good size, with lots of space for toiletries. The shower is a full bath-shower combo. Nice soft towels. The bed is a little soft but perfectly acceptable, with lots of pillows.We had asked for a crib in the room, which was already in the room when we arrived. The room was ready at 10 in the morning, which was very nice.I want to commend in particular the housecleaning services of the room. The room was always cleaned on time, and at a very high level. As an example, every morning they refolded the sheets and blankets of our baby's crib; folded up the blanket that we used to cover the crib (to keep it dark while we watched TV) and placed it neatly in the crib; folded up her pajamas and sleep sack; and straightened the crib out in the corner of the room. I was very impressed by the housecleaning staff. The only drawback is the strong smell of vinegar in the towels, but that wasn't a big deal.The room was very very quiet and dark. The room has 2 large windows, each having TWO sets of double-paned windows with a mechanized rolling shutter between them. When you bring the shutters down, and close the drapes, you are talking about 4 panes of glass, drapes, curtains, and the metal shutter separating you from the street. Believe me, it was dark and quiet. We often slept til 10 am without stirring, even our infant daughter who is a bit of a light sleeper. This was a great night's sleep!We would stay here again in a heartbeat - simply couldn't have asked for more. Exceeded all expectations. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1181,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1177}]}