{"text":"Great location  We just completed a 1 week stay at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach and had a great time. All the staff were helpful and friendly. We enjoyed the coolers of ice water with lemon  lime that was available during the day in the lobby - nice touch. The staff  services were top notch. We arrived during the end of a winter wind \/ rain storm, which was an unusual event. Restaurants: Dukes  the Hula Grill had to put up tarps to keep the wind  rain out of the restaurant, which was interesting, but not terrible. Not much you can do about the weather, you know? The tarps came down as soon as the weather cleared up.We had free breakfast at Dukes or Hula Grill included in our room price. Dukes had a good buffet - lots of choices and everything kept freshly stocked. At the Hula Grill we had our choice of items from the menu. The breakfast was good here too, but the service was lacking the one day we tried it for breakfast, so we just stuck with Dukes. We had dinner at Dukes once and Hula Grill twice - we actually preferred the Hula Grill over Dukes for the atmosphere and view (and the service was wonderful at dinner). All the pigeons running around and flying around Dukes were a bit unnerving. Especially when they flew  landed on the table (yuck!). We put up with the birds during breakfast , but twice in one day was too much. I guess they were part of the atmosphere (?). The food was excellent in both restaurants.Our room was on an upper floor with a partial ocean view . We enjoyed sitting on the patio  taking in the sights. The rooms on that side of the hotel (at least on our floor) are rectangular shaped and a bit smaller than the angled rooms across the hall, but our room was adequate for the 2 of us. It had so much closet space and dresser drawers! We did talk to a man who had a room across the hall, right behind the elevators. He said there was no noise from the elevators at all, but he could hear the fans from the Cheesecake Factory next door. This surprised us, as we were at such a high floor. I do wish there was more light in the dressing area of the bathroom. The lighting is all over the vanity area, and it is dark looking into the closet, and also hard to see if you style your hair  turn your back to the vanity to use a hand mirror to see the back of your head! Housekeeping kept the room tidy  clean, which was nice. We did hear faint noise occasionally (not even daily) from our neighbors and even from the street performers across from the hotel at night, but I think I only noticed because of reviews I had read that said the hotel was very noisy. Although the rooms aren't completely soundproof, we didn't think it was too bad at all. We didn't rent a car, so we didn't have to experience the parking fees. We did enjoy the central location of the hotel - so easy to get anywhere we wanted to go! We had a late evening flight home, so we were able to have a late checkout (only 1 extra hour, but better than nothing) and we were able to use a courtesy room to clean up a bit before our trip home. That was a huge plus in our book! We would definitely stay here again! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":255,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":251},{"endOffset":1968,"mention":"Cheesecake","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cheesecake"],"startOffset":1958}]}