{"text":"Great with a couple little snags After reading all the positive reviews on this hotel, my wife and I booked 4 nights for our recent first anniversary stay.All in all, the hotel was good, not great. I think it's easy to build up your expectations based on others' opinions\/reviews, so maybe mine were a little inflated. I booked directly with the hotel, which was far and away the best price. Based on the price I paid, I was happy. If I had paid their standard rates, I would not have been.The two main problems I had were actually with the service, not the room. -We flew in via redeye. When I booked the hotel, I requested an early check-in, and was told they could not guarantee it, but would make every effort to have a room available as early as possible. When we arrived at 10, we were told to come back at 2. When we came back at 2, we were told the room had not been cleaned, but that they would 'do it right now', and we were told to sit and wait in the lobby, which we did - for 40 minutes, with no apology. This, in my opinion, is not acceptable. -The second and more serious problem was our returning to our room one afternoon to find the door propped open, and no housekeeper in sight. Apparently they had just left the door wide open after cleaning. My wife went down to the desk, and was told 'relax, our hotel is very safe'. While this may be true, it was a truly shocking response. Again, no understanding or apology. And I think it goes without saying that despite how safe or unsafe the hotel may be, there is at a minimum a privacy and respect issue, whereby a hotel should not leave a guest's room open. This seems like hotelier 101 to me, and really just basic common sense.Aside from those two issues, the staff was very courteous, and helpful. Some other general thoughts on the room (we booked a 'superior'):-As should be expected, the room was very small. If you have more than one large suitcase, you will have trouble storing it. We had to put ours under the desk to be able to walk around the bed.-The shower is insane, as is typical in europe. No curtain\/door, so expect the floor to have half an inch of water when you're done. Get extra towels for the floor, or bring your flippers. -The bed was comfortable - we slept great here. No noise problems. - Location is great. Beautiful views of the Pantheon. Lots of restaurants nearby, but less of the elegant little places like you find around Saint Germain. Definitely feels more catered to students, as it should given the location. All in all, I would say the issues we had were probably unusual, and that as long as you know what you're getting, this hotel is very good. Just go into it expecting that it feels like the low end of the 3-star rating, and don't expect service to be excellent - just good. ","annotations":[]}