{"text":"Terrible Service!! It was so bad I had to write this review...save yourself. I read the reviews on Trip Advisor before we went and we should have known better. Don't book this hotel -- you have been warned. First of all, they are understaffed. I'm not looking to be waited on hand-and-foot, but you have to wait in line for everything. Did I tell you there wasn't a beach? The water is very cloudy and almost dirty there. One mile away they have a great public beach....they won't tell you that there though.To stop me from ranting I will just include bullet points:- There are no waiters, you have to wait in line to get anything. Wait in line to get a hamburger from the pool bar. You have to wait in line to get a drink at any bar and by the way, they are doing you a favor to get you a drink. Tip them and they don't move any faster (I tipped one waiter $50 -- keep your tip).- The place is very spread out and therefore, once in a while you want to take a shuttle service (e.g., forgot the sunscreen) back to your room. Forget it. The shuttle service is random and almost non-existent. It may be a 8 minute walk to just get to the pool -- don't forget anything!!- We had to wait in line even at the buffet restuarant! The food was OK and sometimes very good. That was one plus. Don't get the steaks - -they are very tough. - The check-in took two hours. We wanted a couple of rooms next to eachother, but we got rooms with our party located in opposite sides of the resort. I called multiple times to confirm we would be next to our friends during check-in. Didn't happen and the staff didn't care.- Don't take the hotel shuttle to the airport. They charge you way too much for this trip. They don't tell you the price and in fact, they act like the shuttle service is free to use. Use a taxi van and you will save yourself at least $100 for a party of four.- The water toys at the hotel are almost useless because the hotel is located on a shelf that has a break reef about 100 yards from the shore. Nobody can pass this breaker wall and therefore, you are stuck in mucky water that is shallow and full of leaves and seaweed -- let alone the rocks that hurt our kids feet and mine.- The beds were soft..huge plus for an island hotel. This was a postive surprise. However, back to the staffing -- the cleaning help barely cleaned your room. They would change the sheets and that was about it. They wouldn't even sweep, or move your shoes, to sweep under them.Overall, the staff takes on the management's attitude. I never complained to the management once, but I heard multiple parties that did call them and complained about the above items. You can join them and go to this hotel, or learn the hard way. This is the first time I used Trip Advisor and I will be sure to update folks of places like this. Good luck. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":663,"mention":"hamburger","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hamburger"],"startOffset":654}]}