{"text":"Don't waste your money My husband and I are glad that we stayed at the famous Shinjuku Park Hyatt, but we will certainly never stay there again. Check-in was smooth and the staff were professional. However, the positive encounters with the staff ended there. The staff the hotel has dotted around are clearly there to keep the riff-raff out rather than provide good service to their guests. We live in Japan, and I myself have lived in the Tokyo metro area so we are keenly aware of how important appearances are. We were certainly not sloppily dressed while in the hotel. Despite that, we are not celebrities, so the staff stationed at the doors and elevators basically gave us the you're not a star so state your business! treatment. We had to tell the staff far too many times (even once is too many!) that we were guests. One night, I went to bar\/lounge for a drink by myself, and the service was terrible. The same night my husband went with his friends to the same bar and they also were fed up with the service.The New York Grill must be one of the most over-hyped restaurants in Tokyo. As we exited the elevator on the floor the NYG is on in our swankiest attire, a girl practically ran toward us asking if we had a reservation (this was not at all an example of prompt Japanese service). She seemed doubtful when we said yes. Our waiter was too young and inexperienced to be working at a place like that. My husband's dish was very good, mine merely average. The prices were completely outrageous - we've eaten in restaurants in Tokyo that were just as nice as NYG and had better food for less money. Of course, those places didn't have that great view. At any rate, the presence of women who were clearly escorts with their middle-aged patrons gave the place a sleazy feel. (The sleazy feel was intensified the next morning when I left the hotel early and saw a woman leaving hurriedly who was clearly in the escort-type clothes she had on the night before).Yes, the room was huge and beautiful, and the bathroom was stunning. But the lousy service and the mix of Tokyo and Hollywood-type sleaze will keep up away. Best advice I can give - If you can spend $500 a night on a hotel room, stay at the Four Seasons in Marunouchi. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2221,"mention":"Four Seasons","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Four_Seasons_Restaurant"],"startOffset":2209}]}