{"text":"Fantastic stay - would definitely return! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Chancellor hotel for 5 days in August. We selected the Chancellor based on the TripAdvisor reviews we read beforehand and I have to say that we were not disappointed. This was our first trip to San Francisco and I don't think it will be the last - for all subsequent stays we will choose the Chancellor. Location: You couldn't be better placed to explore the city. The hotel is right in the middle of Union Square, giving you easy access to great restaurants, shops and bars. We found it very easy to walk to all the key areas including Chinatown, Nob Hill, Fisherman's Wharf and the financial district and if we didn't feel like walking, then the cable car and cabs stopped just outside.Room: Was exactly what I expected. Bearing in mind the price, you aren't going to get 5* luxury but I am exceedingly fussy when it comes to hotels and it ticked pretty much every box for me. The room was adequately spacious with nice furniture. The bed was very comfortable and they offer every type of pillow you could possible imagine. The bathroom was fine too with a great shower and free toiletries. The room was cleaned daily. It could get a little warm from time to time, but I found I was cold a lot outside so it was a relief! A tip though, I would request a room away from Powell Street as it could get noisy with the cable car right outside. We were relieved to have a room at the back!Food: We ate at Sears for 3 mornings running which I can highly recommend. However, we ended up using the hotel restaurant for the last 2 mornings and I have to say that I wished we had gone there every day instead! The food was very good quality, a great selection (from unhealthy to healthy), reasonably priced and the staff were very helpful. Staff: The reception and restaurant staff were exemplary, particularly Rory who was very helpful with directions, change and advice for exploring the city. The tour desk lady was also good, although a little abrupt at times. We found ourselves using the reception staff more as they always had a smile. The bar is serviced by their 'employee of the year' who was good but didn't seem to favour the tourists so much, more the regulars! If you want really friendly service I would go elsewhere. All in all, this should be your No.1 choice for a hotel whilst staying in San Francisco! A couple of other tips for the city in general:- Book a night tour to Alcatraz - easily the spookiest way to explore the former prison and escape a majority of the crowds- A wine tour to Napa is well worth it - we used San Francisco Shuttle Tours and it was a brilliant day out with a very helpful tour guide ([--])-The bay does get cold so bring warm clothes and sensible shoes for all those hills- If you get time, hire bikes from Blazing Saddles and head over the GG bridge to Sausalito which is a beautiful little riverside town - very picturesque. - SF doesn't seem to have a late night life - we headed out for a drink at 10pm on a Friday night and everywhere was shut! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":996,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":992}]}