{"text":"not going again! Stayed from the 20th-27 of December. I am very easy to please but let me tell you, I would not go there again. Punta Cana beaches lovely, the hotel appearance great, but that is where it ends. Staff give you no more than a response, make no attempt to find info for you, etc. Staff there work long hours, work hard, but in terms of thoughtfulness it is not there. No water for almost 24 hours, could not flush toilets, no hand washing, I understand this can happen, but no info given, no bottled water, hand sanitizer, wipes, nothing placed in 'public' bathrooms to wash your hands. Rude gentemen at desk saying, this happens at even 5 star.. but no more info given as to why this was happening and when they anticipated this would be over, nurse mentioned to them that they would have e.c. breakout, to which they did not change their practices. Watch staff, you will never see anyone of them washing their hands as they handle food and handle drink after drink.Everyone is right about the lumpy pillows, I understand that someone said previously you should then take your own! Give me a break...take my own pillows when I can already only take 44 pounds of luggage. Water poured from our air conditioner, nothing was done, tiles had lifted in the room floor because of this. No couch, comfortable chair to sit on in room. One of our wicker chairs was broken, I asked for a replacement or to have it fixed; never happened. My friend sent out laundry and everytime it was returned the person ignored the do not disturb (I was sick) sign and banged until someone would answer. The toilet in our room did not flush correctly, not good when you have travellers diarrehea.I was sick and am still recovering because of lack of hand washing and the temperature of the food in the buffet. Even if you arrive right at 6:30 (first seating) you will find the food is not even near warm. Also, be wary of the men who are working there who keep trying to hook up with woman so they can come to Canada. Fair enough, but leave me alone! Yuhaira and Anne Marie who work at the bar in the Lobby, wonderful young woman, always smiling and pleasant. Language is a huge barrier. Once again I understand that I am in a different country, but there was no one to go to to get a translation.Never again...Merry Christmas to one and all. ","annotations":[]}