{"text":"If you want a five star service, stay in a five star hotel. I'm not going into detail as I feel the holiday me and my partner went on , we got what we paid for.The staff work as hard as they can, can you blame then if they seem a little tired, they work for 拢22 a week 52 hours a week!The rooms are simple, you only sleep in them, if you spend a lot of time in your room, don't bother going on holiday.The food is pleantyfull, if you don't like the look of whats offered, don't eat it, it's a buffet, eat something else rather then moaning of being sick.The hotel grounds are beautiful, we watched three weddings while we were there. The falmingos, peacocks and ducks are a great touch.Checking in and out of the hotel is fine, if somebody offers to take your bag, politely say no. Thats all you have to say.Shopping is great, don't be afraid to venture out of your hotel. A simple no is acceptable and they will leave you alone. If you don't feel safe going out of your hotel, they bring the local market into the hotel twice a week.If you don't smoke and don't like people smoking near you, move a bit further away. Not every single person in the hotel grounds smokes. People are on holiday to relax, if they want to smoke they will, if you don't smoke, just move, you're on holiday, chill out.The cleaning staff as as friendly as they come, if you have valuables keep them in your suitcase, common sense. Dont panic, relax and remember your traveling to a third world country which operates differently than England. All I can suggest is please do not visit Manati Park, the dolphins are wild captured dolphins, overworked, ill and very ill treated. 13 dolphins died last year due to the poor conditions. One of the lovely ladies who works in the coffee shop told me they are in the process of getting shut down due to the disgusting conditions the animals are kept in. If you decide to go, remember you are only putting you money in some carless guy's back pocket. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1761,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1755}]}