{"text":"Majestic Colonial Is Not Really Majestic Where can I possibly begin??The grounds are kept beautifully. The rooms however, are not maintained clean. You have to do lots of walking to get from point 'A 'to point 'B'. There is a big span in time where there is absolutley nothing to do.The people who entertain are friendly. There was a bartendar named Ernesto(Tiburon) who was very kind, cordial and made sure my glass was always filled.Thanks Tiburon!!The selection of drinks is minimal. You have to pay if you want any of the good liquor for it is not even included in the V.I.P. package ,which is what I had. In the evenings, the theater is so hot that it is virtually impossible to sit and watch the whole performance. The disco caters to the very young and the music is repetitive. There was one evening when I wanted to purchase a card to use the internet ( you have to pay) and two of the workers literaly argued with each other as to who would get the card for me to the point where I just said forget it and left. They were very rude and unattentive. The food overall is good, lots to choose from. Except for another evening when the waiter was very rude (in the seafood restaurant). He became annoyed when one of the people in our party of 13 asked for a double order of lobster. He bought half a lobster instead of the whole lobster that the other patrons in the restaurant received, and then he made us wait over 45 minutes to get coffee. Needless to say , we felt uncomfortable and very ill at ease. The prize for those who participate in any of the activities is always a bottle of liquor( brugal, ugggg) . They should alternate and also give out tee-shirts. I don't think that the Majestic Colonial in Punta Cana will be seeing me or the people that I traveled with again, and unfortunetly, when asked, I will not have many good things to say about this particular resort. I actually feel that this year, I wasted my money and did not enjoy my vacation. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1447,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1441}]}