{"text":"Had a great time Just returned last night from our stay at the Caribe Princess and I was nervous after reading some of the reviews. No need, the staff was great the hotel was clean, the service was very good. We always had clean towels, and they even brought us more each night. We had the vip package, which I would do again. The VIP package includes premium drinks and my husband likes Bud, so it was included for us. The rooms were clean an spacious. The pool was always clean. The hotel does have some wear and tear but that is expected. The beach area is clean and there were always plenty of chairs. The food was always good. We ate at all of the restaurants except the seafood one. La Cava was the best. You have to pay for it if you don't have the VIP but I would say it was well worth it. My least favorite was the Chineese, but even that was good. A couple of things I didn't like. On Saturdays and Wednedsays they let people from the outside set up tables to sell you things, They are very aggressive and tough to get a round. If you are not interested just keep walking once you stop it is very difficult to leave. They also try to get very high prices bargin bargin bargin. Threaten to leave and you will get your price. If you travel with travelers checks they exchange bank will only cash them for pesos. Make sure you use all of your pesos because they will not exchange them back for you. Also, the rate is different at the exchange bank than it is when you buy something. 31 pesos to the dollar at the bank but you pay 33 pesos to the dollar at the store. We tipped everyone so everyone was happy to see us and gave us great service. The maids go out of their way for you if you tip them.. If you can bring crayons and coloring books or school supplies to give the maids or other staff they really appreciate it. I am all ready booking my trip to go back we had a great time. Oh yea I should say not a lot of night life but there is a disco that opens at 11 but you have to pay for drinks after midnight and they are expensive. Next time we will stay for 2 weeks. Remember a vacation is what you make of it. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":359,"mention":"premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":352}]}