{"text":"Loved it! My husband and I stayed at Globalia PCG in November for 3 nights. We loved it. We got upgraded upon check in because my husband new one of the guys working at the front desk which always helps i guess. So we got to stay in an incredible suite. Pools: We liked that fact that there were a few different pools to choose from. We spent a little bit of time at the main pool and enjoyed the swim up bar and music they had on constantly. But it was nice that if you wanted to go to have a more quieter, priviate time you could do that too. One of the pools is no kids aloud which is sometimes nice if you don't have kids. Another one of the pools off to the side (was right infront of our building) and was nice and quiet. Just depends on what your looking for. Entertainment: We thought that the animators did a very good job. We only saw two shows, one was a funny auidence participation and another was a domincan or tropical show. The dancers weren't very good, but it was nice to watch just the same. On the dominican night they had a small live domincan band playing the drums and accordian infront of the bar near the pool at night. We really enjoyed sitting and listening and dancing to their music. There is a lot to do at this resort. We are not really into gambling but went and checked out the new casino and thought it was beautiful. Restuarants: We ate at the main buffet for breakfast and enjoyed their selection and fresh juices every morning. We normally had lunch at the restaurant on the beach. Not too much to choose from but a nice change of atmosphere. We went one night to the American Grill i think it was called. It was kind of what i thought of a western place boarder line Mexican. they served Fajaitas and things of that sort. But it was quite good also. The buffet also had lots to choose from for dinner.We really really enjoyed this hotel and would reccommend it to anyone and everyone. Lots to do there for every age group. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1557,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1553}]}