{"text":"This is honestly a lovely hotel, please read on... Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel all inclusive in September 2007, We had booked it online and compared to all the other all-inclusive deals in bali this one was very resonably priced. The hotel is a four star and is lovely and clean with what some would call 'outdated' decor, but you have to bear in mind that this hotel is not claiming to be the Hilton or Conrad and does actually have a lovely front enterance which the date is laid out in decorative stones every morning by the staff (a nice touch we thought), some intricate and beautiful wall hangings and carved fountains. When we checked it it was about 9pm at night and the staff were very helpful and noticed from our passports that it would be my birthday while we were staying, they instantly gave us and upgraded room and we we later to find out brought a cake, cocktail, flowers and little present out at dinner time on the day of my birthday. The pool was really nice not overcrowded and you could have as many towels as you liked, you could choose to sit at the pool or the beach and it was all very peaceful, there were activitys but you weren't pressured into joining in if you simply wanted to relax. (the fruit carver was really good) I would reacomend going on the snorkle trip, doesn't look much untill you get into the water and then wow!The food was indeed buffet style at lunch time but if you didn't fancy what was on offer then the staff would make you something else off the all inclusive snack list even if it wasn't supposed to be availible during meal service (the staff are so nice they will do anything to make your stay enjoyable) .All in all we have a lovely relaxing time at this hotel and the staff really make it worth while, it may not be upto 'Aussie' standards but what you get for your money is well worth it (unless you book with Virgin who will rip you off where ever you go to). I would only say one negative which is the beach is not for beach lovers (ie to sunbathe and swim in, for watersports its great) but this is clearly stated in many reviews and tour guides for the area so shouldn't come as a surprise. While your are in Bali its also great to get a driver and explore... Dean is the best going.. he has a website just google balis best driver !!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":882,"mention":"cake","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cake"],"startOffset":878}]}