{"text":"Buyer BEWARE My wife and I stayed at the Princess Caribe Dec. 31\/06 thru Jan. 07\/07. As a well traveled couple we both conclude this was by far the worst resort we have ever had the misfortune of staying at.Punta Cana is a beautiful beach, one of the best I have seen in my travels, but the Caribe Princess Resort's food, service and most of the staff made it a very ugly week.Firstly I noticed that on many occasions the staff seemed to ignore female concerns in restaurants, room service, or at the front desk but yet seem to act when a male requested the same service.The food was horrible. Almost all the meat we had was under-cooked and when we asked to cook it longer, it always took a couple dollar tip to get results. The restaurants were always fully booked yet always half empty.The staff was always complaining how bad their working conditions were and their service reflected their lack of ambition to serve their customers. They always had their hand out but rarely justified the tip other than claiming poverty.Managers never acted on our complaints or blamed the travel agent for not properly explaining their amenities. The Apple Travel representative on site was also not really interested in our complaints. I asked management for a complaint sheet to voice my concerns to a corporate office and was denied.We purchased the VIP program and were charged for alcohol that was quoted free. We never received the free bottle of rum and cigars stated in the brochure. We never received the beach towels that were promised. Finally received the robes promised on the 6th day of our stay. Never utilized the free motor sports promised because they were booked for the week when you used the VIP bracelet. There were plenty of openings if you offered cash.Workers on the resort would ask us for food because they claimed they worked long hours without food. When some of the top staff came into the restaurants to dine, they were all given preferential treatment over the customers.Tried charging us for a safe in the room and only after a heated discussion allowed us one for free.We were charged for room service when it was told to us on the first day that it was included. This was room service that took two days to get four beers.When we returned home we both were very sick with symptoms consistent with food poisoning. I can list many more incidents that just seemed to accumulate during the week, but I think you get the idea of what kind of place this is.As I said earlier, the beach is post card material. This resort is definitely ruining a beautiful vacation destination and hopefully the other resorts discover how important service is for their tourism to survive. ","annotations":[]}