{"text":"Resort was Paradise...but... Ok...Let me start off by saying that most of the negative parts of this review are due to circumstances that were beyond the resort's control. My husband and I went to Excellence for our honeymoon from Sept. 29 - Oct 6, 2008. The resort was paradise; however, here were the negatives regarding our trip: 1. The drive to and from the airport - the other reviews are absolutely correct. I didn't want to believe them because I wanted to stay positive, but let me tell you - prepare yourself. If you have never been to a country like this before, you are in for a surprise. The roads are absolutely terrible and will make you sick if you have a weak stomach (like I do). Keep in mind this also includes any excursions you plan to go on. Any excursions are at least an hour away from the resort, so you have to deal with that kinda of ride any time you leave the resort. Therefore, we only did one excursion - we went snorkeling one day - and in my opinion, it was not worth the trip there and back. So, if you are looking to do alot of excursions, expect to travel far and uncomfortably. Otherwise, I would suggest staying at the resort. 2. The mosquitos are horrible! The other reviews are correct about this factor as well. It's not just a few little itchy mosquito bites we are dealing with here. I got eaten alive! My legs were covered with bites and they itch uncontrolably. If I had to stay another day dealing with mosquito bites, I would have gone crazy. We brought lots of bug spray, but it didnt help one bit. I was told that the mosquitos mostly came from being on the beach at night, so I refused to go on the beach at night after that. So, no romantic walks on the beach at night for us. 3. The first 3 days we were there, we were not able to go in the ocean. We didn't even go on the beach for the first three days because we couldn't swim in the ocean, so we stayed by the pools. OK...so now for the positives: 1. The resort is absolutely amazing. I have no doubt that this is one of the best resorts in Punta Cana. I booked this resort when it was #1 on travel advisor, and I can see why it was #1. After a LONG day of travel (we had a connection in Miami International Airport that was delayed 4 hours - which turned our travel time into 16 hours), and after a long trip from the airport to the hotel (about 1 1\/2 hour drive), we finally made it to the resort...upon which, we were greeted with champagne and hot towels. We went right up to our room which was beautiful!! The rooms are clean and large. They clean every day, and turn down your bed at night. They restock your mini-bar with whatever you want. Mini bar items are included. We had a view of the ocean from our room. It was great! 2. The food is outstanding. The restaurants were absolutey fantastic. We really loved the breakfast buffet and lunch buffet at Toscana, and were pleasantly suprised at how good the food was. The dinners were also wonderful, we especially loved Agave (the setting and the food was great) and Toscana. 3. The service was incredible. The minute you called the front desk for a request, they took care of it immediately. The staff was really efficient and friendly. 4. The pools are amazing! There are two pools - a main pool, with a swim up bar, which is active and fun. Always pool activities going on. And there is another pool - the cascade pool, which was more relaxing and soothing. We opted to stay at the cascade pool most days, which has a bar also, (not a swim up) and we loved it. We took naps and read our books, and layed in the pool and it was great. Ok.. so I think thats about it. I tried to be as honest and unbiased as possible. Again, the resort itself is simply wonderful. It is just unfortunate that the mosquitos bothered me and the roads hindered us from doing anything outside of the resort. ","annotations":[]}