{"text":"Great location, friendly staff We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in from the 7th August and had a great stay.We were greeted on arrival by helpful and friendly staff who offerred us Cava and to take our bags to our room. All the staff we spoke to had a good understanding of English which really helped as our Spanish\/Catalan isn't great. They were more than willing to helpWe had a double room on the 2nd floor which wasn't massive but we didn't intend to spend much time in it anyway. Everything was spotlessly clean and the bathroom was excellent. Having your own safe and a well stocked mini bar in the room was a real bonus. The air conditioning was a real help as well as it was 30 degrees plus outside when we were there.Breakfast was included in our price and is served from 730 in the morning and there is a great selection of both continental and hot breakfast. You can eat as much as you want and the variety was great. The other great feature of the hotel is the roof terrace where you can sit and relax in the jacuzzi or on the sun loungers with a great view if you get tired of walking around.There is a small bar in the lobby area of the hotel as well which was nice to relax in after being out all day and the hotel provides free internet access in the lobby also.The hotel is in a fantastic location, you can walk to Las Ramblas in about 10mins, place de catalunya is about 10mins away as is the beach. There is a metro station just accross the road (Jaime 1) which we found really useful for getting to the main attractions slightly out of the city centre, its easy to use and a 10 journey ticket is good value. You can hear the metro from the lower floors of the hotel which might be something to bear in mind if you are a light sleeper as it starts early in the morning though.Overall we really enjoyed our stay at the hotel, the staff were great - if you're nice to them they're nice back! The hotel was clean and it was great value for money especially if you can get a deal with breakfast included. The location could not be better for seeing the gothic quartter especially if you do not want to stay directly on Las Ramblas ","annotations":[]}