{"text":"Do NOT stay here!! Save your money and go elsewhere! Unfortunately, I didn't look for reviews until after I had booked  then it was too late to get a room anywhere else. You park around the corner in the Olympic garage, which doesn't have an elevator to every floor, so I had to carry my luggage down a flight of stairs. You come out on 5th St., and then I had to take all my stuff all the way around the block to get to the hotel entrance. My first room was gross-- hairs in the sheets, towels, cracked tiles in the shower. Hot and cold are backwards (in all rooms). No counter space to put my toiletries. Only one working electrical outlet. I was woken up so many times after going to bed by the noise (thin walls!) that I had to call and get moved. (They DID do that.) My second room was a little cleaner, but still not up to normal standards for a moderately priced hotel. (And this place isn't moderately priced.) I had to be moved to a third room due to the second room not being a 2-queen room (I had husband and kids arriving). The third room had only one working electrical outlet and that was in the bathroom. Again, no counter space. Broken shelf. Hairs in my clean towel (YUCK). The noise was awful; doors banging everywhere; you can hear the toilets and showers and conversations from the next rooms. There is one ice machine  it is on the 7th floor. No kidding. The elevators are incredibly slow-- there are only 2 of them and they are also tiny. You have to go up or down stairs to get to them from the hotel entrance. The hotel had told me I could have a late checkout, due to the hour that my class went to. By random chance, I double checked this on my last day since that I was still down for late checkout  was told I couldn't have that late checkout or I'd be charged another night. I asked when they were planning to tell me that-- when I got back late and they had already charged me??!! No response-- and this was from a MANAGER!! He also tried to tell me I hadn't packed my bags up to have the bellhop move me from room #2 to room #3 -- which was a total lie. He stood there and actually implied that I was lying to him. I was furious and told him that it was the worst hotel I had ever, EVER stayed in, and he just stood there smirking and nodding. He never made any attempt to remedy anything, nor to apologize. I was there with six other coworkers and they had similarly bad experiences with the noise and dirt. There is no hotel food service. Even if it costs you a little more, stay somewhere else!!! Motel 6s are nicer than this place. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2438,"mention":"dirt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dirt_cake"],"startOffset":2434}]}