{"text":"wonderful spring break Our family of 4 stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro from April 8-15th. We flew direct from St. Louis. No problems with customs or airport..Arriveed early to Punta Cana.Had about 90minute wait before our room was ready. We e mailed ahead and got a newer room near the pool. Room was nice. There was an odd odor in the bathroom but we got used to it The maid was very good to us while we were there. Filled the frig with whatever we asked.Let a small gift and a few dollars every day. The grounds were very well kept and the beach was awesome.soft white sand and the water was beautiful.We stayed around the resrt and relaxed for 4 days and tried some excursions on the other. There was plenty to do at the resort and I never got tired of laying on the beach reading or playing cards.Did get a massage on the beach it was nice I think $1\/minute. Also went parasailing and rode the banana boats several times. Went to Catalina island on the excursion. Went on to dives. There was also snorkeling and a beautiful beach to relax on.My wife and 10 year old daughter went to swim with the dolphins. Got there early and had a good time.Went on a few other dives. Both were good.My daughter did a discover diving lesson and dive. Andre the divemaster did very well with her She got sea sick on the way out. We did not make our reservations on the first day and thus did nt get all the resterauts we wanted.The buffet was great though. It was different every night.. Lots of variety. Lots of fruits you don't see in the states.The trip home was without incident also. Moved quickly through the airport. All of the buses were very prompt for all pickups for the entire trip. We had a great vacation.One suggestion would be to bring a little more cash than you need and lots of small bills. Some things like parasailing are cash only and when you pay in big bills you get Dominican money back. Also the staff was very friendly and most spoke enough English to help you out. I carried some $1 s in my poket all the time for drink tips.They were not expected but you could tell they were appreciated ","annotations":[{"endOffset":569,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":564}]}