{"text":"A big bang for less than USD200\/night! We stayed at a resort view room for four nights in May 2007. It was such a fantastic experience that we felt sad leaving the hotel. We were very disappointed with Bali in general and the Kuta beach in particular, but the Ritz-Carlton Bali was definitely the highlight of our trip. We ended up staying inside the hotel properties most of our time in Bali. We traveled extensively around the world, but the Ritz-Ccarlton Bali still amazes us. Considering that we paid only about USD 187\/night, I doubt that one could find a better deal elsewhere in the world. If you have a deep pocket, go for a cliff villa. Otherwise, stay in a resort view room and you get to use the magnificiant pools and wander around the tastefully designed tropical gardens. You get the picture. Ritz Bali is a perfect place for total relaxation. Classy, secluded and most importantly, affordable. 1) Room: Since we booked the cheapest room type, we didn't expect too much. The room is not that new by Asian standards, but it's spacious, the amenities are good and there are housekeeping twice a day. We were lucky to get a room right by the golf course. What a view!2) Facilities: There're two major pools. One is an infinity pool at the heart of the hotel ground, and the other is a river pool. Most people gether around the ifinity pool to see the ocean view. I like the river pool better. Very few people actually went that far to the river pool. I was the only person swimming. I felt like swimming in my own private pool! The river pool was sooooo stunning that we spent half of the day there and went back twice. 3) Services: Services are impeccable! Staff always greet you with a smile and are willing to go out their way to help you. If you have time, don't forget to take the free shuttle to the Kubu private beach. 4) Restaurants: We only went to Padi, where breakfast was served by the beautiful lily pond. Padi was rated as the best restaurant in Indonesia. I'm not surprised. The Japanese and Indonesian breakfast were artfully cooked! If possible, try to have your breakfast included in your hotel package. (It's about USD 30\/person if it's not included in the package.) Restaurants inside the hotel are expensive even by New York standards. The only exception is the buffet dinner (USD 55 +21% tax) ) that is offered outdoors once a week. It sounds expensive, but it's a bargain. You see the Balinese dance show. For our lunch, we took the 11:30 AM free shuttle to Kuta to sample a wide array of Indonesian food at much lower prices. We took the 3:45 PM shuttle back to the hotel. I gave Ritz Bali a 95 on a scale of 100. (The minus 5 goes to the inhibitive food prices.) ","annotations":[]}