{"text":"Noisy Nights, Nice Pools and Good Food My husband and I just came back from staying here for 5 nights and were in a Grande Vista room on the 9th floor, half-way down the hall from the elevators. The little bathroom tiles had mold in the grout lines and it was very unpleasant to shower. The internet was sketchy at best and very slow. There was noise all night from the time we went to sleep until the next morning (we were told we had a 'quiet room'). People were slamming doors, talking and yelling in the halls. I think the problem is that the doors are not thick and there are spaces all around them. Also the lack of carpeting inside the rooms probably magnifies the noise. We resorted to putting a damp towel at the base of the door to try to muffle SOME of the noise, but it didn't help very much. The noise from the airport didn't bother us at all. It was hardly noticeable unless you were outside and then it was only a mild, thunder-like rumble. Temperature-wise, we set the thermostat in our room to 65 Deg. (the lowest it would go) yet still managed to sweat all night long. The AC probably needs to be charged. The food was expensive but good. I would recommend the rooftop Mexican resturant for a good deal and good food. Outside of the resort, we had a difficult time locating places to eat that were clean, and air conditioned and after hunting around for two days, we decided not to leave except for the excursions we had planned. Some things that we did like were the magnificent pools and hot tubs. They were very clean the entire time we were there. We never had trouble getting a lounge or spot to relax. We also loved how comfortable the beds were... too bad we didn't get to sleep soundly in them.We came here to SCUBA dive and booked with an awesome and professional company named Sea Ventures Dive Centers. For a $25.00 per person fee, a van would come and pick us up, take us to the marina (about an hour's drive) and drop us off back at our hotel afterwards. The people running this company are courteous and the dives and rental gear are not overpriced like others we looked into. If you are doing more than a one-day dive, you can get a 10% discount as a repeat customer for the second dive. We had an awesome time with awesome dive masters who pointed out all sorts of wildlife and who took care of all the gear from start to finish. We didn't have to lift a finger. There were sodas and waters and snacks on the boat between dives and we were lucky to have perfect weather.Also... in response to the people complaining about bed bugs.... there are little gnats on the beach and around the resort sometimes. They bite up your legs and arms and you get a red bump. They are pretty good about making sure the resort grounds are sprayed, but venturing onto the beach is a different story. I am sure there were no bed bugs in our room or any bugs of any type. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":18,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":14}]}