{"text":"Great customer service, location, amenities, price Based on the reviews I found here at tripadvisor, my fiancee and I booked our honeymoon stay at the Luana. We are not big on sunning or surfing, although we like ocean view, and the Luana was perfect. You can see the sunset every evening out the balcony. The rooms are quaint, clean, and the customer service was great. We were put in a room above the exhaust fans from the neighboring restaurant, and while it was noisy, it's not like we expected for it to be peace and quiet. It's Waikiki! There are horns blowing, and traffic noise anyway. If you don't like noise, don't stay in Waikiki. I am not a big fan of it, but the location of the hotel was appealing to us because it was close to everything and we wouldn't have to have a car all week. Most activities provide transportation to and from Waikiki hotels, free of charge. It's right on Kalakaua Street, which has tons of restaurants, shops, etc. within walking distance. We prettty much walked everywhere we needed to go in Waikiki, and took TheBus to places that were a bit farther away. We went to Wailana coffee house (which was a short walk away) nearly every morning because it was the closest place open. I couldn't wait to try it, after reading all of the reviews on here. I was dissapointed with it...it's just like any other breakfast diner with the exception of the guava juice, fresh pineapple (which is served with nearly every meal in Hawaii), and coconut syrup. The pool for the hotel is dissapointing if you are planning on spending a lot of time at the pool. There is no direct sunlight until afternoon, either. I tried laying out there for a short while but became impatient waiting for the sun, and walked to the beach. We had a partial ocean view and a kitchenette, although we didn't even use the kitchen. It has a two-burner stove, a microwave (which is difficult to use I think), a small fridge, and a sink. It's supplied with forks, knives, plates, and bowls. There is a TGI Fridays right across the street, which is convenient for lunch. I would also recommend Todai, which is a short walk away - they have a great sushi and seafood buffet. I think it was $30\/person, but it was completely worth it.The activities desk in the lobby is also helpful, as you can just call them, and they will do all of the homework for you and set up basically any activity you want. So in conclusion, great place to stay! Affordable and great location! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1123,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1117}]}