{"text":"Great hotel but... My husband, my 16 month old son and I had to travel to Puerto Rico for a family emergency. We ended up booking Friday night and Saturday night at the Ritz Carlton. First the good: The grounds are beautiful and the staff is great. Everyone greeted us, and were very friendly to my infant son. The food was exceptional and the service, as usual for the Ritz, was great. Also, I believe the beach was private which is unusual for Puerto Rico. Most hotel chains share the beach with the general public. Our room was a standard entry level room with partial view of the ocean. The room was somewhat small as we couldn't fit the crib in there comfortably so our son slept in our bed for the two nights. The bed was a California King and had plenty of room so it wasn't a big deal. Overall, I feel that it was above average. Now for the bad (which really isn't too bad), I didn't feel like the Ritz catered to families. There was no kiddie pool and the one and only pool was 3 feet deep all around. Unless you have an inflatable toy for your kids, you will be holding them the entire time. I also don't think the pool was heated. I know it's 90 degrees, but it felt cold when you first got in. My son did not enjoy it at all and we had to spend the morning by the pool while my husband visited with family. We paid almost $600 per night, at that price, I would have liked to have a heated pool. There were no playgrounds for the kids to play or an area where you can let them go wild. There was one saving grace and that is at Mares - their casual restaurant. It turns out they lend hotel guest a DVD player with Disney movies so the kids can be entertained while the adults eat. It was the first time I can remember having a hot meal in ages. Overall it was a good stay. We had to check out of the Ritz and check into El San Juan as they were booked and that really made me appreciate the Ritz so much more. I'll write a review about El San Juan as well in case you are interested. ","annotations":[]}