{"text":"Bad vibes, great for partiers Hotel Bounty lies around a 4min walk from Kuta beach, past the hawkers of Poppies street. There are a few that literally lean on the barrier at the front of the drive and shout motor? at you walking between the pool and reception area.This hotel is the place to be if you're young (maybe 17-28ish) looking to party with 90% Ozzies. So perhaps you really won't care about the list of negatives about the place.Breakfast is suprisingly supreme for the tone of the place- impressive quality buffet with omlette chef- of the 10 or so hotels I stayed at in different parts of Bali, including one or two $100+\/night resorts, I would say no other beat the Bounty breakfast!Staff are pushy e.g. with the Friday pool party sign here now, yes.. while I'm trying to eat my breakfast! Also every time you walk past the towel hut the guy will try and get you to sign up to whatever that night's expensive but no doubt wild entertainment is. (400 000 IDR typically)Rooms were pretty meh. Air con the loudest yet most effective I've encountered. Depends how well you sleep whether this will be a problem. Bathroom was so dingy, hardly enough room between the door and the bath to get in. Also both rooms I stayed in had a nasty 'sewage' smell coming from the drains. Hot water in shower was not instant and lasted a few mins or so.Was left with sour taste in my mouth when they tried to casually con me: I went to reception to extend my stay by one night and they said come back in 15 mins while we check if we have rooms (?) When I returned they told me they only had triple available, I said no thanks and when I got back to my room the phone rang, it was reception saying actually we have checked and we got standard available... Most hotels in Bali left me feeling warm and satisfied. In honesty I left here feeling a little moody and somewhat unhappy to give business to a place so greedy. Nevertheless if your motives are the same as most people's who come to Kuta, I still suggest it could provide the best fun! ","annotations":[]}