{"text":"Great holiday :D Im writing my review with several subheadings so it is easier to read... just want to say to all the people reading the bad reviews on the website ignore them !!!!! the resort is beautiful..Airport: the airport was easy and traditional alot of people waiting to help you with your bags give them a small tip as they wrokvery hardReception: Check in was quick, we were given juice while we were waiting........were given room 7219 and a safe key!!( but more about that later)Room: rooms were large and clean, air conditioning amazing and two double beds.. overlooked the water fountain which was nice but a lil noisy, had a safe but no bumpin? the bellboys sed we needed to get one from reception !! after two days of trying we gave up and carried on our holiday without a safe at all which isnt very practical but hey !!! we managed Food: We ate at the buffett restaurant every morning, noon and night we didnt want to spend all morning queing to book restaurants, the breakfast was normally great, the lunch ok, and the dinner good, Every day there was a different county theme my favourite was the mexican ( the nachos was awsome) i think i ate cheese for every meal as well...... they say eat a yogurt every day to stop you from feeling ill i did this most days and was fine all holiday :DCoffee Shop: I loved sitting in there it was soo cool and smelt wonderful and the girl serving in there was always smiling... try the macademia frozen if u go in there. you wont drink anything else Bars: there are loads and loads of them scattered everywhere my favourite was the beach bar near the little pool....they serve bannamamas the pink slush drinks they are lovely grounds : grounds were beautiful so well kept and grean.. just walking out of your apartment block and looking around you made you smile it was so beautiful, they constantly played music around the resort which was annoying at the time but now i kinda miss it .Beach: beach was also beautiful have never seen anything like it was like a dream.... sea was always warm and clean pools: there are 3 pools all nicely kept and warm well liked the main pool best as we could just swim upto the bar when we were thirsty EXCURSIONS......................................Saona island: we traveled to bayhibe on a coach and got a speedboat to a natural swimming pool in the middle of the sea and looked for starfish, we then got back on the speedboat and went to the island where we ate a gorgeous bbq and sunbathed we then got on a catatmaran and sailed back to bayhibe i loved this trip :DEl Pat Ranch: we travelled about 30 mins into a village andarrived at a large stables we got given our horses and set off onto a beautiful deserted beach... ive ridden befor so i got to canter off and be free.. you dont have to have ridden before and you can go as slow or as fast as you like we stopped for a coconut befor swapping horses and heading back... this trip was wonderful and was my boyfriends fav Bavaro Splash: this was next to the hotel.. we were taken out in a large boat to all the speedboats we then had to follow in our own speedboat.for about 30 mins till we came to a platform we could go snorkeling from... snorkelling was amazing, wasnt so keen on the speedboats cos they were really hard to drived and water was going in our eyes and we couldnt see.... i sure they are fun for alot of people tho.Overall i loved my holiday to the dominican republic and i would definately go back and stay in the same hotel.......i miss it so much and didnt want to leave... so to all you people waiting to go out there and reading all there reviews.. trust me u will have a brilliant time xxxx ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1137,"mention":"nachos","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nachos"],"startOffset":1131},{"endOffset":2575,"mention":"Ranch","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Ranch_dressing"],"startOffset":2570}]}