{"text":"Won't go back to El San Juan First off, I called one month ahead to confirm reservation and request a double room for me and my friend. Arrived at 1:00pm and told that room was not ready yet and that check in was 4:00pm. Clerk said they would call my cell phone when room was ready. Still no call by 5:00pm so went to the desk and told that the room was ready but was a King with a pullout. Told them this was not acceptable and waited half hour more for a double room. Was given a room on the 3rd floor with no view. Had a walkout patio from the room that was not tiled like others. It was still tarred and not finished! Cigarette butts everywhere outside on the gravel beyond the tarred patio. The room itself did not seem very clean. Floor was not swept during my five day stay. Bathroom towels had yellow stains (or at least i hope they were stains and at least washed). Bathroom sink was not cleaned during stay (or even before I arrived maybe). Shower has some mildew building up on tiles and there is no room to put things (they only put in a pedestal sink in the bathroom). Maid service comes knocking at 8:00 am when we were still asleep. Asked them to come back later. So, went to beach at 9:00 am and then returned at 5:00pm and room not made up. No clean towels. Did make a call for at least towels and they were delivered within 10 minutes. Main reason I will not go back is that they do not have enough lounge chairs at the pool. Was not able to get chairs ONE DAY at all during my five day stay. I prefer pool over beach but had to spend days at beach. Everyone puts towels or hats on lounge chairs by 8:00 am but by 9:00 or 10:00 still no people on them!! The hotel should not allow this. Casino and lobby bar are very nice. Lots of activity and music especially on Saturday night. For price paid, checkin experience and the room quality and especially not able to use pool chairs, I'd never go back. Check out the Intercontinental next door or Ritz Carlton on other side. MUCH nicer than El San Juan. I'll stay at one of those two next time. ","annotations":[]}