{"text":"horrendous I think it's safe to say that this accommodation ruined my whole experience of Amsterdam. Luckily I was there only for 2 nights, as I don't think I would have survived a third. To be fair, we did not stay in the normal part of Hotel Brian but a sort of annex, a few doors down. In this part of the hotel there is no reception and no one there to help if you happen to need it. Nevermind the stairs, as there's not much you can do about the extraordinarily steep tiny stairs in Amsterdam, but the rooms were shockingly basic. I know it's a hostel. But that doesn't mean that it has to be foul. We paid a whopping 100 euro for a 4 bed room (4 friends traveling) and it was disgusting. The light in the ONLY bathroom in the building (that served I think at least 4 other rooms) was out. Which meant having to go to the toilet with the door open! I also think the other guests in the hostel were part of the terrible stay - all young, drunk males, who not only kept us up all night with their loud singing and hollering, but apparently also could not tell the difference between the toilet bowl and the floor. So you can imagine what the bathroom with no light looked like the next morning. I might add that this bathroom was also the only one with a shower. I did not shower, or go to the toilet in the hostel the entire weekend I was there. Surprisingly, this was not cleaned up (nor was the light fixed) while we were there.We also had been told breakfast was served until 10:30am, so seeing as we had gotten no sleep thanks to the other guests, we decided to sleep in and go for breakfast at 10am. But at 10am breakfast was closed and we couldn't get any since the girl wanted to go home. This was just the first night staying here. I can't say the second one was any better. Stay away from this place. It's not worth it whatsoever. Amsterdam can be a charming city full of culture and has many other beautiful places that are not expensive (we had already tried but they were booked) so don't let that be ruined by staying in such a shoddy place - so just look around, book ahead and save yourselves before having to settle on this place! ","annotations":[]}