{"text":"No soundproofing Amsterdam Marriott Hotel is a recently renovated 5 star hotel by Leidseplein. It's close to the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh Museum and right by a canal boat stop. Several trams stop right by, making it easy to get around the city. I recommend crossing the canal to have champagne breakfast at the famous Caf√ã√\u2022√ñ Americain.We stayed at this hotel for three days. We were given a room on the 10th floor, and it was well equipped and had a very comfortable king bed. The bathroom was quite small, and the toiletries were limited to basics (but they smelled great - lemongrass, I believe). The room could have been cleaned better; - there were greasy fingerprints on the inside of the window and the carpet was very thick and apparently difficult to vacuum properly. We would, however, have been quite pleased with the room had it not been for the noise. There was a machine-like sound that made it impossible to fall asleep (it felt like being aboard a ferry). After a night without any sleep, we complained, and were told that they would look into it. We got back to our room to find that they had placed a piece of cardboard over the bathroom fan (which is impossible to switch off at night). However, the next night proved that the bathroom fan had not been the culprit. The noise was still there, and it was not coming from the bathroom, but from somewhere outside the room. After another night without any sleep, we asked for a new room. When we returned to the hotel that night, they had moved our suitcases to the new room. It was on the 6th floor, close by the elevator, facing the street, and it was smaller and not as well appointed as the room we had been in. Hint to the hotel: When someone complaines and shows great patience by letting you try to resolve the situation first, and you're not able to, which results in guests that haven't slept properly for two nights, and you have to move them, at least have the decency to give them a room of equal or better standard. The new room had a harder, less comfortable bed, only one nightstand (which translates to one nightstand lamp without blue light; not good news if you like to read), fewer toiletries (no conditioner for instance), no bathrobe, and a more limited minibar selection. Housekeeping seemed to have the same problem vacuuming the carpet in this room, and the bathroom fan could not be switched off here either. Fortunately, though, there wasn't the same machine-like sound to keep us awake at night. But who needs machine-like sounds to keep you awake at night when the room isn't soundproofed? We heard every word of the conversations in the rooms next to us, we heard the people in the hallway, not to mention the traffic outside, and we woke up every time an ambulance passed by.When cheking out, the receptionist asked us if we had any suggestions for them on how they could improve, and I said that they ought to work on the noise problem. She answered me back saying yes, well, it's a busy city. Second hint to the hotel: I know very well that Amsterdam is a busy city, and apparently so do you. That is the reason why you should install proper soundproofing. People expect that from a 5 star hotel.I should also mention that there is internet access in the rooms, but it's very expensive (I think it was √à√\u2020√ü?0 per day). I always find it tacky when five star hotels charge extra for internet access, I really think it should be free.If you're going to stay at this hotel, I suggest asking for one of their larger rooms not facing the street, and keep your fingers crossed that you don't wind up in the room with the machine-like noise. ","annotations":[]}