{"text":"Travelling with a toddler we did a 7 day long stay in an executive suite for the larger room and conviences of a the breakfast buffet (excellent selection) and other amenities. The pool is not heated so we did not use it. too cold. the hot tub is part of the pool and was also too cold. Weather was threat of rain most days so the proximity to the tram station, and MTR was fabulous. Taxis are inexpensive and abundant. The hotel will arrange a shuttle to and from the airport which was super and not expensive. While the website shows one large room for the suites, some of the suites are 2 separate rooms. I am not sure how many of them there are. This provided 1.5 baths, a sitting room, and a bedroom. Great for our toddler during naps. Our room overlooked the harbor (rm 2102) and the view was super. As advertised, there was internet access in the room (a plug adapter and cable was also provided). Additionally, there was a fridge and hairdryer. Bathrobes, slippers and ample storage as well. the crib provided was smaller than american cribs but safe and a good size for our child. The housekeeping staff kindly removed the coffee table for us upon request. There was not a DVD player, but a CD player and in the lounge upstairs a library of music to check out.Location of the hotel is not near any major site but with the mass transit so easy to negiotiate and the taxis so inexpensive, we found the benefit was an ability to go to Victoria Park a lot. There are many playgrounds, basketball and soccer areas plus a lot of paths for exploring. Additionally, with the city so small, it is easy to get to places quickly.Restaurants are not within walking distance unless you are adventurous. However, there is a small supermarket, 7-Eleven store and cheap laundry (30HK dollars for 2kg of clothing) in the same block as the hotel. It made for lighter packing. Staff is attentive and brought up a highchair to the lounge for our toddler during breakfast each day. The hotel restaurant is good and not too expensive. There is no kids menu, but many options that are kid friendly. Hong Kong is a hilly town and not very stroller friendly so plan on an alternative method of carrying your child if needed. I brought our stroller and we used it 50% of the time.We will stay again at Metropark Hotel. It was a great place for our needs. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1138,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1132}]}