{"text":"nothing less than superb! We stayed here for my 40th birthday and it was nothing less than superb!I was our second trip to NYC. We'd previously stayed in the equally excellent Fitzpatricks on lexington in June '06 but their December rates could not match the value we got at the Millenium - five nights for √à√\u2020√ü?00, less than $200\/night! Worth every penny!Victor, the extremely efficient guy who took our reservation ensured we got one of the few (14) smoking rooms of all of which are on the 54th floor and ours had a excellent view over Jersey with an eerie eagle eyed perspective over the WTC site. The location in Downtown NY is close to Wall street, right next door to Century 21 and two mins walk from Abecrombie  Fitch which made shopping so easy and cab fairs up town are cheap.Check in was instant! The door men are first class, everyone of them friendly and funny but the numerous concergie's vary. One guy, Joe, was condescending and rude and managed to mess up our dinner reservation for my big four oh but another guy who's name slips my mind gave us excellent advice on where to catch the Arsenal V Chelsea match - Nevada Smiths on 3rd ave between 11th  12th which had an absolutley brillaint atmoshpere - packed with chanting fans of both persuasions, half of them expats and amazingly, many avid new york soccer fans! We ate breafast and dinner in the hotel both of which were excellent with super service. The bar staff are great, especially the retired cop guy who didnt fail to set us up a freebie after several rounds and tips. They talk freely about the horendous events of 9\/11 when incredibly the hotel survived any serious structural damge despite being directly opposite the WTC. (on our first nitght we watched the movie WTC in our room and it was weird to be looking down on the site at the same time - God bless America!)Nonetheless the Millenium closed for two years following those disasterous events and required substantial superficial rennovations which contribute to its pritine appearance today. The public areas are excellent, the rooms\/bathrooms superb. The leisure cetnre is small but adequate with a nice pool which is a rarity in Manhattan but sadly there was no jacuzzi!The view from the upper floors are stunnning! On our final morning we awoke with a start to find a guy cleaning the windows which momentarily scared the cr*p out of us as it is the last thing you'd expect to see at that height! Check out was completely hassle free, the bill had been settled automaticaly and a reciept posted under our door on the moring of departure and the hotel stored our bags untill we left for the airport at 4pm. We had to nip into Century 21 to buy an extra suitcase to transport our purchases!All in all, this is an absolutley superb hotel at the price!Cant wait to go back!MP1 ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1122,"mention":"Chelsea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chelsea_bun"],"startOffset":1115}]}