{"text":"Absolutely brilliant hotel It took me a long time to find the right hotel for my stay in Tokyo. I was returning from a business trip so I wasn't going to be there that long. What's more is that I was footing the hotel bill on my own dime since I wasn't really doing business in Tokyo.When I saw the price, I was certainly impressed that it wouldn't cost me a fortune and I was able to pretty easily get a room. From the moment I arrived I was impressed with the hotel. This isn't even the best of the best hotels you can get in Tokyo but this was so much better than most of the hotels I had stayed in back in the US. Based on that I was so amazed that it was so in expensive. As is traditional with Japan service was beyond anything that I could have dreamed. The hotel isn't in the best touristy location, so if you are a tourist you need to either take the tour buses or you need to learn the Tokyo transit system. Its not that difficult but takes some time. Also fair warning that American ATM card taking machines are NOT nearby. You need to get to Ropongi - a lesson I learned the hard way.The rooms are HUGE. I would have never expected this given the stereotype that exists in America about living space in Japan. The food in the hotel is excellent and you are only a block or two away from mass transit that can take you ANYWHERE! Think of the best hotel you've stayed in in the US, and this hotel falls into that category. Note that while there are a number of people in the hotel who speak and understand English, not everyone understands American idioms or expressions so you may need to take your time to make sure that the service staff understands what you need. They really want to help you, but sometimes they just don't know how to answer you because they don't quite get what you're trying to ask.I plan to return to Tokyo and spend more time there and when I do, the Dai Ichi already has my business - no question they made my stay quite enjoyable. I was actually sad to leave and even sadder that I had a bunch of heavy bags but they sent out two tiny Japanese girls to move them. They were quite insistent on moving them because it was their job and they wouldn't accept tips or anything. So on my way back to the airport I simply bowed politely to them and they were most appreciative and waved to me on the bus as I headed back to the airport.Wonderful experience, hope yours is as good. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":366,"mention":"fortune","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fortune_cookie"],"startOffset":359}]}