{"text":"Not bad - could be better though! Stayed in one of the Deluxe rooms for a little more than one week. Since the Deluxe and Superior rooms are located across the road, I first thought it was a bit awkward that guests would have to walk across the road to get to the Front Desk or for breakfast. However, the walk wasn't too inconvenient afterall - except during certain rainny days. The room itself is spacious and comfortable. There is a door leading to the little garden. But most of the time I kept it closed to avoid mosquitoes. Speaking of which - I've gotten patches of mosquitoes bites especially at the breakfast place and room itself. I understand from the staff that Oct-Dec is a season frequented by mosquitoes and flies. Flies are everywhere when we had lunch by the beach.After 2-3 nights into my stay, I had itchiness all over my body, especially at the back. It was not mosquitoes' bites. The itchiness woke me up at 3:30 one of the mornings. Suspected it was bed bugs, I requested the Housekeeping to change all the bedsheets and pillow cases the following day. Had peaceful sleeps the following few nights.The staffs are very polite, warmth and helpful. They keep their smiles on.Breakfast was reasonable. Should try the pastries and eggs' counter. Buffet dinner wasn't that fantastic really except for the French buffet on Friday night. Dessert was a great dissapointment to say the least. The a la carte menu for lunch (at Cocos Beach) wasn't too impressive either - except for the hot stone and pizza.I tried the spa too. It could have been better I think, especially the massage. For the massage that I had, it was a little overpriced. There are 2 swimming pools. It's 1 minute walking distance to the one near my room. The other one is by the beach and it's definitely not big. I can't imagine how does all the people fit in during peak period. The beach is reasonable clean - white sands, no garbages, water is reasonably clear.All in all, it's family and environmental friendly. This isn't a luxury hotel but it gives you personal touch (in terms of services) in accomodating your needs. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1902,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1897}]}