{"text":"Not so Excellent! Well - what can I say - disappointing at best. How anyone can deem this place 5 star is beyond me. We arrived for a weeks stay at the Excellence and where faced with the same nightmare tour of the area via the 'deluxe' tour bus. Air conditioning was obviously not considered a necessity. Arrival to the hotel (eventually) and we were faced with a warm glass of 'champagne'. Proceed to check in and straight away we got the whole why we should upgrade thrown at us. OK - it sounded good so we did (after a good bit of haggling!). Initially room seemed ok but that impression soon went out of the window. The bath was dirty and even after cleaning you can imagine the quick exit when the brown scum floating in the water was noticed. It was clear 'cleaning' is term best used loosely as apart from a quick tidy of the bed there certainly was not much in the way of cleaning of the room. Toileties where not replenished even after 3 requests. The upgrade was supposed to offer fresh fruit and flowers daily - of course that never happened. Agree that the beach is really quite nice - clean and easy to walk on and the pool area is pretty good with the swim up bar and staff on hand but to be honest those are the only two real high points of this hotel. I cannot believe everyone seems to overlook the horrific 'entertainment'. Appalling is the best word to describe this. From the karoke and I kid you not - BINGO to the embarassing attempts at a band to some strange interpretation of Michael Jackson dancing by what look like at best a high school show (infact thats an insult to high school shows). There is no escaping this mediocore 'butlins holiday camp' as it is thrust at you in the only real area to go for a pre-dinner drink. The background music consistened daily of the same CD stuck on repeat - and it was not a good CD! There was also an attempt to entertain us in the lobby with some bizarre organ style music - it was so painful we eventually gave up and left. Food was edible but that was about it if you could actually get into a restaurant - I had to resort to using a steak knife on chicken! And then the rules about dress code. Considering they would allow entry to people dressed in dirty trainers yet if you were a man with trendy flip flops - forget it - you were not getting in. To give the illisusion of being a high end resort by forcing people to conform to an outdated view of acceptable dress I found hysterical. I appreciate a lot of other guest really have enjoyed their stay but if you are looking for true 5 star with great service and food I really would not recommend this hotel at all. Spend your hard earned money elsewhere. ","annotations":[]}