{"text":"Good experience at the Chancellor This was my first time in San Francisco and I chose the Chancellor because of the good reviews on this site. Firstly, the room wasn't as small as I had been expecting, going by other's experiences. But then again I was on my own so it probably was more spacious. I had come from a stay in a New York hotel, where you literally couldn't turn around without tripping over the bed or your suitcase so it was a welcome change! Bathroom was great, loved the oversized tub and shower water was always hot and had good pressure. I did feel that the wall between my room and next door were a little thin - one night I could hear murmurs of conversation quite loud and was expecting a full night of it ahead. However, it seemed like friends left the room soon after so wasn't too noisy. I had a room on 14th floor so noise from below wasn't a big problem. Even though it was warm, I kept window closed and could turn fan on if it felt warm. Service downstairs was friendly...only problem I had before checking in was getting a confirmation email that confused me completely. I had booked the room for 7 nights and had been given an average price per night. Then I got this email a couple of days before with a totally different room rate for the first 2 nights and then another rate for the remaining 5. When I worked it all out in my head, it came to the same total amount as the original price I had agreed. It just confused me - I wish I hadn't got that subsequent email when everything had been agreed on booking. Only other snag is that I came back one day at around 4 o'clock to dump some shopping and rest for a while before heading back out. My room was just about to be cleaned so I couldn't really go in. It wasn't a big deal, I said I'd come back in 20 minutes and it was done by then. As I was on an upper floor, I suppose it was just the time of day when the staff could get to it. But it's a minor gripe when the room was always clean, the staff were accommodating at all times and the price was good for the great location in San Francisco. I'd definitely recommend it and would stay there again if I'm ever in the city again. ","annotations":[]}