{"text":"First Impresion at Front Desk was the Worst On November 8, 2008 we arrived to the Condado Plaza around 6:15PM. My friend began the check-in process for a niece who is a soprano who needed to stay in a quiet place that night. Then my friend introduced herself to the front desk person who was assisting the guests at the moment. The gentleman at the front desk started the usual check-in procedure. After he finished the process and charged my friend's credit card he surprinsingly told us that the room was not ready yet (check-in time is 4:00PM). Also for our surprise the gentleman at the front desk could not provide us any alternatives at that moment neither the other front desk lady who was listening to our conversation. After my friend demanded to talk with the front desk manager, the gentleman disappeared from the front desk. When the manager show up, she was the person who assisted my friend and upgraded the room to a junior suite. I should say that we are local professionals who usually use certain hotels in Puerto Rico for business partners who comes from the states.We have noted that when it comes to service to local tourists, the Condado Plaza has another rule for treating us. It is a kind of a gentle-cynical-roughness that from our perception does not contribute to a pleasant stay. Condado Plaza should improve the lack of proactiveness from the front desk personnel because it was and it will be the cause for incidents like ours. None of the front desk persons said anything about not having the room ready nor they provided any alternatives. They were just there like two inactive bodies occupying a tridimensional space. We would also like to recommend Condado Plaza to radically change their anti-local tourism policy. This is not good during these recession days.The hotel has been beatifully renewed. However, all that beauty was not enough to change the way we felt after the incident.From our side we will not recommend this hotel to our business partners. We do not want our business partners to take the incorrect impression of Puerto Rico just by staying at the Condado Plaza. ","annotations":[]}