{"text":"Loved Iberostar Dominicana! We just returned from a weeks stay at the Iberostar Domicana in the DR and we had a fantastic time! The weather was perfect, the food was good and we found the accomodations to be wonderful. We did not see many people tipping. We did tip the gentlemen that handled our baggage and a few bartenders but it was not necessary. The service was excellent regardless.We did not find many who understood the Americana for the first few days but eventually it was not a problem. There were people there from all over the world and a lot of Europeans given the President's Day Holiday. Alot of topless sunbathers. Ladies if you are the jealous type then go elsewhere because it is everywhere! It didn't bother me and my husband never tired of looking at all the half naked women.The food was good except we did not enjoy the Mexican. The drinks were good but hard to get them cold enough. We took insulated mugs and that was a good move. We did not brush our teeth with the tap water and we had no problems. We did drink the water at the restaurants. They assured us that the restaurants and ice at the bars were purified and we had no problems. The drinks were very sweet, but you find your mix after a few days. There is plenty to pick from, both drink and food.The beaches were wonderful but we did not venture out on the tours given it was just the two of us. We were concerned that it might be difficult to get home if one of us were ill or injured without additional travel companions help. We talked to some that ventured off outside the resort but the were very seasoned travelers. The area outside of the resorts is very dirty, underdeveloped and unappealing. We elected to stay on the resort after seeing the area on the bus ride to the resort. The free watersports are in a congested area with the locals buzzing between you with boats pulling people behind them or parasailing. Not an extremely safe environment but entertaining and fun to watch.We felt very safe on the resort. Thre were thousands of other people but we never felt crowded, unattended or uncomfortable. It is well represented online and is absolutely beautiful. The rooms were very comfortable and the bathrooms were fine. No cockroaches or problems of any sort.Tips... take insulated mugs, forget the hair curler, you will need an adapter for 110 hair dryers but they are only a dollar or two at the front desk, bring some snack foods from home for an occasional fix because the food is so different, and bring some oral antibiotics if you have some left over. I had 3-4 days of excruciating pain as a tooth abscessed and I wasn't brave enough to trust what limited medication they had available at the pharmacy. That was the only downside to an otherwise perfect vacation.Ohla.... it is wonderful at Punta Cana!!! ","annotations":[]}