{"text":"One BIG Problem turned into more We (2 couples in our 30s without children) stayed at the Grand Oasis Punta Cana from January 19th to January 26th 2008. To give anyone perspective on our benchmarks we have stayed and enjoyed them all:Punta Cana (DR)- Iberostar Bavaro- Caribe Club PrincessPuerto Plata (DR)- Bahia PrincipeMayan Riviera (MX)- Riu Playacar- Bahia Principe TulumSo, about the Grand Oasis Punta Cana \/ Bavaro ... We were booked for the Grand Oasis Bavaro - Junior Suites Cameleon Package. This building wasn't ready (under construction) so we were put in a Master Junior Suite rooms in the Grand Oasis Punta Cana - block 7. Grand Oasis Bavaro and Punta Cana are the same resort just the Bavaro is the name for the newest building - block 11. The room (7304) was outstanding - by far the best we've stayed in on any of our vacations in the Caribbean. HOWEVER, the air conditioning for the entire building (block 7) did not work for our entire stay. You may wonder why we didn't ask for a room change, and that was because we were told it would be fixed (over and over by the resort, by our tour rep and every other guest in the block - we all kept getting assured it would be fixed that day) ... additionally, our building was the only one with the junior suites and the rooms in the rest of the resort are a little below average for the Caribbean (very worn).In any event, not getting sleep 'cause your room is 35 degrees (Celcius) or more all night can make people grumpy and tired. We didn't have the energy to go on any excursions so we slept in the shade a lot during the day and then sweat all night. It can also make you see everything with a little glass is half empty point of view so I won't share any more thoughts on the resort because I don't have much positive to say.And, because we really wanted to see a resort map before we went but couldn't find any online, I've enclosed a copy for reference. Building 7 has no air conditioning but the rooms are great (there are some traveller photos of them). I wrote on the map where Building 11 is and this is where anyone booked to stay at the Grand Oasis Bavaro will be staying once the construction is complete. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":280,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":276}]}