{"text":"Stayed at WAY better hotels before... My boyfriend and I just came back from this hotel for our one week vacation. (May 19th to the 26th). This hotel was the worst I have stayed at. I have been on 6 all inclusives (and 4 in the Dominican Republic). I was very worried from the negative reviews posted as sometimes people can freak out over small things and not make the best of it - but after being there this week I do understand what the people with negative reviews were trying to say. It wasn't a horrible resort - I'm sure we could have stayed at far worse hotel but it is for sure NOT a 4 star hotel (3.5 as per Expedia) - I would say it is a 2 to 2.5 star hotel, at most. If you have booked your trip - don't worry too much - its too late now and just make the best of it - however if you are considering this hotel, there are MUCH better ones in the same. Below I've put some points below of what my boyfriend and I thought:Pro's*the BEACH - definitely the best beach - even compared to the gran bahia and rui palace (which seemed like much nicer hotels) - there was no seaweed and the water was crystal clear - other hotel beaches have seaweed and the sand is not as nice -so one thing I do give it is the beautiful beach*The Staff- the people are very nice and try to accommodate your needs - I never had a problem with anyone (although I do speak Spanish). But if you smile and have some patience they will do the best for you. Con's *Bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper - you can hear everything from people closing their doors (banging actually) to your neighbors, people above you, etc, etc *The hotel overall is very very old -and it has not been maintained properly - I'm surprised to see it was only built in 2001 but it feels at least 10 yrs old - don't get me wrong, the hotel itself wasn't very dirty but toilets had seats missing, things were cracking, we didn't have hot water on some occasions, air conditioning didn't work - it was just a fan,etc.*The food - was mediocre - the resort really lacked variety - the same foods were basically served each day - I was bored with the food within 2 days - and even my boyfriend who is the least picky eater i know - he eats anything and everything - agreed that the food was mediocre at best.Note: we actually went to all the restaurants as by accident we were given 6 vouchers for the restaurant instead of the 3 you get per week - so we went to the Italian (it was OK), Dominican (also just OK), Grill (the best of the 5 ), Asian ( not bad) and Sea Food (just OK). This made eating a bit better b\/c I could not face the dinner buffet much longer - email me if you want to know how we got the 6 vouchers - by accident.I could go on forever on other things - if you want to know more then email me. Overall, I would never return to this hotel or recommend it to anyone. The staff were nice and they were trying their best but it really was not a 4 star hotel. I would recommend the Melia Tropical or the Marien Coral (in Puerto Plata) - these ones were much much better. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1024,"mention":"palace","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_New_York_Palace_Hotel"],"startOffset":1018}]}