{"text":"Great Location I went to Los Angeles for a work-related conference, which was held at the convention center. I am not a big fan of the neighborhood around the LA convention center because there's really a lack of a neighborhood feel around it. Also, there is a lack of reasonable food options around the convention center.Instead of staying too far from the convention center, we decided to stay in Little Tokyo, which is relatively close to the convention center. Being a big fan of Japanese food and culture, it was a perfect solution to our problem.The hotel itself, however, was not as nice as I hoped. Basically, we got what we paid for. Our room was clean and relatively functional, but was very small. No special amenities. The doornob, I think, was in need of repair. However, free internet access was great. We had a great government rate deal (I workk for a public benefit corporation for the state of New York) which included a room, free internet, free continental breakfast, and a visit to their spa.However, by no means we felt unsafe. In terms of safety, I would feel much less safe around the convention center.If this hotel was located in a boring neighborhood, I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. However, for those who will be going to LA for a convention, I highly recommend staying at Miyako instead of any of the typical convention hotels. The hotel is centrally located in Little Tokyo, more centrally so than other hotels. We found too many wonderful places to shop and eat around the hotel than any other hotel we have ever stayed in our travels.We had breakfast mainly in their Take 5 lobby cafe, but we tried the Japanese style buffet breakfast in their 2nd floor Tamon restaurant twice. The breakfast was pretty good, since it was either part of the package at Take 5 or discounted at Tamon. However, I think it is sort of silly to stay in the hotel for your food, since there are a lot of options just outside the hotel.Also, the hotel is very close to a couple of museums (Japanese American National Museum and MOCA Geffen), both of them are worth visiting.The spa area on the third floor is clean and nice, probably not the nicest spa I have been to. I may not recommend it unless it is free. There is a coin operated laundry area, also on the third floor.In summary, I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who needs to stay in downtown LA, especially for conventions. What Little Tokyo offers more than makes up for a old and tired look of the hotel, as well as their quirky customer service. However, if you have no interest in Japanse food and culture, this location is probably not recommended. ","annotations":[]}