{"text":"Fantastic in every way. Tokyo, Japan was the first of several stops on a 10-day Japan roller-coaster style vacation. After making it through customs, traveling on the N'EX to Tokyo Station, then hopping on the JR Yamanote line to Shibuya (as a travel tip, purchase a Japan Rail Pass in advance of your departure), we were ready for a brief period of relaxation at our hotel. The Cerulean, from the minute we steped into the hotel, was just what we needed. The hotel has everything a weary traveler requires, including a spa, workout room, pool (for a fee), and several restaurants for a first evening after a long flight. It is also centrally located, approximately 3 minutes from Shibuya Station on foot. By JR rail or subway, a resident of the Cerulean is no more than 30 minutes from any major site in Tokyo. The rooms of the Cerulean are immaculate, and are certainly on par with many American 5-star hotels. They each come with a dramatic view, regardless of your floor. If you feel lucky, and are able to catch Tokyo on a relatively smog-free day, ask for a room facing south for a view of Mt. Fuji. During our stay in Tokyo, we were able to see other hotels, including the Park Hyatt (of Lost in Translation fame) and the Prince Park. While both hotels are nice, for the money do yourself a favor and book at the Cerulean. If you have any questions, or are interested in a Tokyo-centered activity once you reach the hotel, ask for the concierge, Yoko. She speaks excellent English, and goes out of her way to make your stay in Tokyo a little bit better. Here is another quick tip for Tokyo-goers interested in sushi. No matter what you read, or who you speak with, the Tsukiji fish market is the ONLY place a rationally-minded individual should go to for sushi. After eating at one of the oldest (and supposedly best) sushi places in Tokyo, there is little difference in quality or selection (although an unbelievably huge difference in price). For the money, and to keep your child's college fund in tact, go to Diawa-zushi in Tsukiji. ","annotations":[]}