{"text":"Had a Great Time Just returned two days ago from Occidental Grand Punta Cana. Had a great time, the weather was great, some rain, heavy at times, but mostly at night. The resort is huge, quite spread out. There are lots of things to do, you just have to know when and where to find them. Fortunately for us, 2 couples, we went to relax by the beach or pool and thats basically what we did. Restaurant wise, we enjoyed the buffet the most, the others were mediocre to average. There is some construction going on, and if you can get in one of the recently renovated buildings go for it. The others are showing their age. We were in building 26 which is closest to beach and not yet renovated, but the rooms were a good size, the bathroom was quite big but the shower in our room had very poor water pressure. We had the option of changing rooms on the second day, but by then we were all unpacked and the other couple would have wanted to move too, so we decided to stay where we were. Its helpful to know some spanish, as there can be difficulty in communicating if you dont know any of their words. The staff will do whatever they can to help you, even if they have a hard time to understand what exactly it is you are wanting. They try very hard to please, and do it all day long, every day. There are constantly people in lobby area (monrings mostly) that are trying to tell you about their package which is basically a time share deal. Its annoying and never ending. Going to the plaza just outside the resort can also be a hassle, yes you want to go to shop and get deals, but the constant harrassment from the vendors can be upsetting. Most of the time no gracias will get you out of tight situations, but the vendors can get pretty offensive if you do not want to see their stall. Going to the plaza can be worthwhile if you can handle the constant arguments.The entertainment at the resort was pretty good, better than some others we have been to, but not as good as others. Overall we had a great time, went to relax and thats what we did. ","annotations":[]}