{"text":"Great vacation !! We stayed at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana from Nov 15-22 and overall it was a great vacation.We updated do the Golden Club which I would NOT recommend because you paid $120 extra per person and really the one differentiator was getting the free 15 mins a day of internet use, if u dont value that then dont go for this lam upgrade.PROS:Service - I thought the service was amazing for the most part. The wait staff at the buffet were by far the best at the resort and pretty amazing. They didnt speak a word of English but were sweet. HOWEVER, THE WOMEN IN THE GIFT SHOPS WERE PURE EVIL AND SHOULD NOT BE EMPLOYED IN CUSTOMER SERVICE, THEY WERE VERY RUDEPool - The pools were great, great atmosphere, hot bright sun and the drinks and food were close by. It was hard to find a seat in the shade though and water was sometimes way too cold but heyBeach - beautiful. The sand was white and waters clear and blue. Loved it. The waves were a bit wild and it was very windy at the beach which was a turnoff. I always said if theres a beach, y would anyone ever go to a pool ?? That was answered at this resort as the pool was not windy and the beach had too many wavesGrounds - beautiful, well maintained and huge property. Had to take trams back and forth which was annoying, esp if it was raining out which it did for 2 straight days so if u wanted to eat u were foreced to get out in the rain and take the tram to get some food which was quite nasty in the rain.Food - I thought the food and a la cartes were quite good. Mexican was by far the best. Italian had great lasagna and Steakhouse was good but staff not as nice. Buffet had a variety and I had food posining on the flight back but hey.Entertainment Shows - I really loved these. Esp the Micheal Jackson and Musical Legend. The Tropicana dancers were not as good as Cuba but they were all rightCONS:Service of Females working in the lobby gift shops. PleaseRough waves and wind on the beachOverall great. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1845,"mention":"Cuba","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cuban_sandwich"],"startOffset":1841}]}