{"text":"Has much potential, but needs to work on details I stayed at the Fajardo Inn for the last two nights of a trip to Puerto Rico. The hotel is in the coastal city of Fajardo. The best way to summarize this hotel is that it is nice, but needs to work on some details. The directions I was given were not that great and it was hard to find. The hotel is just off Route 195. Once you get off of Route 3 at the 195 exit, Route 195 breaks up after a short distance and the signage is not great in terms of helping you find where it picks up again. The hotel does look quite attractive from the outside. The parking at the hotel is a bit of a challenge since the road is narrow and part of it is on gravel. The hotel staff members at the registration desk were pleasant and gave me an electronic card key for my room. The elevator was out of service so I carried my bags upstairs. I later noticed a sign saying that baggage assistance was available, but the sign had been partially blocked by a plant. I left the hotel the next day at 8am. When I returned at 4:30pm, my room had not been made up. Ten minutes later, I heard a knock at the door and the maid wanted to make up my room. I asked why she hadn't serviced the room earlier and she said she had 30 rooms to cover. I declined the service since I didn't want to leave my room again. By the way, there is no peep hole in the door which is a security risk. In terms of the room, the bed was quite comfortable and the furnishings were nice. The lamps in the room had 3-way switches but the bulbs were the newer energy-efficient bulbs that didn't work well with the 3-way switches. The bathroom had some oddities. There is no hair dryer. Ordinarily I wouldn't care, but hair dryers were an advertised feature. Also, there is strangely no place to put your soap or shampoo when you are in the shower. I kept looking for a soap dish but could not find one. There were two bath towels, but only one washcloth. In terms of the hotel features, I wanted to use the pool but for some reason it closes at 7pm. This is way too early for a pool to close. The room did have an electronic safe - a nice addition if you are using a laptop. I would be willing to stay there again. This hotel has so much potential if it could just work on some of the details. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2134,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2130}]}