{"text":"Rooms that don't exist We booked at this hotel for the location and for the sleep number bed as we have one at home. We were on a 8 night business trip.DAY1:We booked a 2 room king suite that was smoking with a sleep number bed. We got to the room and found the layout to be very poor. You can not use the wheels on your luggage to get from the enterance to the bedroom area because it was so cramped. We checked for bugs and that was when we found out that we were not given a sleep number bed. They charge a premium for this bed so we were unhappy and went to the front desk.They did finally admit that the room we booked does not exist in this hotel. The Radisson Hotel website said it did and when we called in our reservation they said it did. We asked if they could please move us to a room with a sleep number king that was smoking or move a sleep number bed into that room. After 1.5 hours of going round and round with the front desk they did finally say they could switch rooms for us the next day and discount the fee for the room. Since we haven't checked out yet we don't know if they are going to actually correct the billing. DAY2:We came back to hotel the next day after sight seeing in the area to switch our room only to find our old room keys had been deactivated effectily locking us out from our luggage. Back to the front desk we went. They corrected the keys and we swapped rooms and returned the old room keys. DAY3:We asked the front desk for an extra feather down comforter to allow the 2 of us sleep comfortably. We put in this request in the morning. We came back early evening and find out now we had our keys deactivated again and went back to the front desk. We got into our room and found no extra blanket that was requested in the morning and we did see them write down the request with the room number. We then went out to dinner and came back to find a different style blanket than requested and are very uncomfortable.We have 6 more nights and 7 more days to go. We have never had this many problems in such short of time. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my family or friends. Also the area doesn't seem to be the best. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":517,"mention":"premium","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":510}]}