{"text":"lovely holiday We stayed here for 2wks mid sept '07. We emailed ahead and asked for a high floor quiet room ( fear of 8 legged creepy crawlies  light sleeper) So well done Bambu, block 33 best sleep ever on all hols in last 8yrs!! Flight was very good Thomson new roomier planes food was ok films etc good. A little tight with the baggage allowance worth paying for the extra 5 kilos. Transfer was quick efficient and the roads have improved since my last visit in March 07. Arrival and check-in smooth and only a 20min wait for the bags so on the beach in less than 90 mins from landing must be a record for me!! Mark the rep was simply the best knowledgeable, interesting, knew what he was doing, great personality and 100% dedicated to the job nothing was to much trouble for him.The room was filled with towel swans and flowers everyday by a sweet 18yr old who earned $200 per month for a 10 hour day so I suggest if you are going to tip the the girls deserve it, The bar staff make a packet from the Americans who think its fine to give $1 everytime they get a round in and leave the rest of us to fight to get their attention!! The tourists, when we arrived from Manchester (Mondays, Gatwick Thursdays) there were about 200 of us Brits. Ok I know what you are all going to say but Please, Please, Please! Is there anywhere on the Planet that the GERMANS don't go on holiday so the rest of us can be free of their bad mannered, chain smoking arrogance. The problem with this hotel is it's Hamburg with tropical beach. We found out why, on carribean street situated between the Riu Maccao and the Taino is a TUI office which serves the Europeans in the resort now they do speak English and on asking the if they could book us a holiday direct with them this is what we were told, they only book holidays for Main land Europe and if we chose to go say to Paris and book there that was fine. So she kindly gave us a brochure and price list, some of the travellers were there for 10 weeks all inc. Now our Thomson agents don't do that as it's an arm and a leg but if you did want to go for that length of time it will cost you 5500 Euro for a junior suite at the Punta Cana Princess next door which is much more luxurious, so somewhere along the line us Brits are getting done! The weather was faultless, the food good no dellie belly named brands of alcohol if you want them. Do buy earplugs for the shower as quite a few people with ear infections. Overall a really good holiday. Only suggestion for the Hotel are newer pillows for the beds as old ones are wafer thin and tv's need updating . A new manager has arrived and is keeping all staff on their toes. I'd give this hotel 10\/10 for location to a wide clean beach, 8\/10 for staff and 9\/10 for value for money. Would I go again? Yes.Enjoy your stay. ","annotations":[]}