{"text":"Amazing Experience!! My husband and I just returned from our trip to Punta Cana. We had the most fabulous time at the Bavaro Princess Resort. First of all the resort is absolutely beautiful from the rooms to the lovely landscaping and walkways. Our room was about a five minute walk to the beach which was absolutely lovely, I have never seen anything like it. That is where we spent most of our time. We thought the food was great. Of course with any buffet you go to there are some things you like and some things you don't like and we always managed to find something we liked. The a la carte restaurants that we went to were also very good especially El Gaucho, the Argentinian steak was the best thing I've ever tasted. The best a la carte restaurant in our opinion was Cafe Del Mar. It's fairly new and is not actually on the list of restaurants at the reservation desk. We actually stunbled across it our first night there and booked it for the following evening. It is not included in the standard package but let me tell you this is a treat (especially for couples) that should not be missed. The restaurant is right on the beach and unlike other restaurants that have specific seatings you can stay there from the time it opens at 6:30 to the time it closes at 1am. They have beds laid out that are raised off the sand some with canopies. You can have your table moved down by the beach or eat your fabulous 3 course gourmet meal on one of the beds. Your wish is their command. They play fabulous mello music and you can dance on the beach. The staff is so friendly and obliging. It was definitely the highlight of our trip.The only word of caution I would have is to be careful with the Coconut Cream drinks such as 'Coco Loco' they are very tasty but Coconut Cream is a natural laxative that can put a bit of a damper on your trip for a day or 2 if you have too many. All in all our trip was great. The staff was very professional and helpful. If you go there with an open mind and don't expect perfection with every little thing you will have a fabulous time. We certainly did and would definitely go back. ","annotations":[]}