{"text":"Not horrible, but not good We stayed 6 nights in Barcelona, three at this hotel and three at another one nearby. The other hotel's listed price was higher, but the Apsis Atrium ended up being more expensive and it was a much less pleasant stay.First, I booked directly through the hotel's website and requested a room for three (my wife and I were travelling with an 18 year old daughter). We stopped by the hotel 2 nights before we checked in and found out we had a room for two booked, with no room for a cot. They moved us to a larger room at no additional cost, but an additional 60 euro\/night charge for the cot.Upon check in, everything seemed fine. The room was indeed adequate for the three of us. However, there is a school next to the hotel and we were awakened at 7am by hoards of youngsters playing in the schoolyard. It was impossible to sleep beyond 7am. That was ok with me, but not my 18 year old. Also, the walls do not appear to be any impediment to noise. I'm used to hearing my neighbors if they are talking as they leave the room next door. In this hotel I could clearly hear people talking from several rooms away, even from other floor levels. I travel a lot and have never stayed in a hotel with such poor acoustics. The flooring in our room was very cheap linoleum that was warping up in several areas.On the positive side, the location is excellent. Easy access to shopping and reasonable walking distance to several tourist sites. Two blocks to a metro stop. Four blocks to the airport bus at Plaza Catalunya (3 euro into the city, 4 euro back to the airport).. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel was very clean. The bathrooms were very nice.At checkout I was charged 25 euros for the few calls we made (I only used the phone three times to make dinner reservations, call a friend and once to check on the hours of Park Guell-probably 9 times total). At the other hotel we used there was no charge for local calls from the room. When it was all added up, I paid more per night for this hotel than the other, more expensive hotel.Our stay here was not a disaster, but I would not stay again and would definately not recommend it to friends. ","annotations":[]}