{"text":"Worth its place at the top of the ratings We chose this hotel for a 7-night stay October 14-21, on the strength of its high rating on this site and the reviews. We were certainly not disappointed! Staff were friendly, right from the initial welcome, and able to advise on things like what bus to catch to the Golden Gate bridge. The requests we made at the time of booking were met.Location - near the intersection of Bush  Powell Streets, convenient for Union Square shops, cable cars, Chinatown, and easy to get to just about everywhere else. A safe area, with enough places to eat nearby.Facilities - a moderately sized hotel, with 10 floors but only about 12 rooms on each floor. Elevators always arrived promptly. Ice machines are on every third floor, but hidden away behind doors so you may need to ask at reception where they are. There is a laptop at reception for customer use, useful for checking emails, checking in for return flights, etc.Room - the hotel met our request for a high floor and there was no external or internal noise. Also the room did not face onto the street. A good size room with plenty of places to put things. A very comfortable king size bed. Air conditioning was quiet and could be adjusted for the desired temperature. En-suite bathroom with bath\/shower - not a big bath but I hate it when a hotel only offers you a shower! The worst thing I can say about the room is that the plug in the washbasin allowed water to slowly trickle out.Breakfast - choice of a la carte or buffet. The buffet selection was rather limited (only one type of meat, for example) and the price was much the same as for a la carte so we went for the menu choice. I recommend the salmon. Typical cost 15-20 dollars.Dinner - we only ate in on the first night, preferring to sample what was on offer in the area. Good, but not a wide menu selection.Price - we booked through Expedia who were doing a special room rate of 143.30 UK pounds per night including all taxes etc, but excluding breakfast. Certainly worth it at this price. That was back in the summer when you got 2 dollars to the pound - happy days!Conclusion - would we choose this hotel again if we returned to San Francisco? Definitely we would - at the right price!Eating out tip - try the various European cuisines in Belden Place, which connects Bush St and Pine St (between Kearny  Montgomery). Plenty of choice, plus the chance to eat out of doors (with heaters when it gets a bit chilly), and you might even end up talking to your neighbour! Oh, and this city certainly takes its wine seriously, with just about everywhere offering a wide range of Californian and other wines.Transport tip - a MUNI passport covers buses and cable cars and is good value, especially if you intend to ride the cable cars a lot as they cost 5 dollars a time otherwise. 1-day  3-day passports can be bought at Walgreen's about a block from the hotel towards Union Square. For a 7-day passport costing 24 dollars go to the booth that sells theatre tickets on Union Square. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2105,"mention":"pound","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pound_cake"],"startOffset":2100}]}