{"text":"Need More Bilingual Personnel I stayed at this hotel during a Business trip. The hotel could you use a few renovations and the front\/side of the building was currently under repair during my visit. I had the pleasure of staying on the 15th floor in what is considered the Business Suite. The sewer cover in my bathroom was not secured and could easily be kicked away. This is when I noticed the water sitting in the pipes. This is not a good thing for families with little kids. The closets are too small. I took a piece of soap and rubbed in the bottom of one of the glasses and put water in it to see if the maid would change the glass. The maid must of rinsed it quickly with water and tried to wipe it out. I later looked and could see where she didn't get all the soap out of the glass. There was no ice bucket in the room. The one plus for this hotel was the Business Suite had Butler Service 24\/7. I had to call and request the Butler bring a bucket of ice to my room. I also had access to the Lounge on the 18th Floor whice provides Free Breakfast and a Evening Social Reception every night with a complimentary glass of wine or beer. This was pretty good since it's buffet style with a limited selection of refreshments and they cater to your need for drinks. I visited the Manhattan Deli twice during my 5 day stay and had the buffet meal which is not much to brag about. First you have to swat the nets and flies away from the food\/deserts. By the time you get the courage to pursue a sweet treat your appetite is gone after seeing all the bugs flying around. The hotel seriour needs more bilingual staff. The Maid  Security staff I spoke to could not speak English. The staff was very helpful in any way possible with the exception of the language barrier. I speak English with a limited Spanish vocale. Even at the Mexican Airport it was hard finding employees who spoke English. This doesn't say much for a country when it comes to Tourist visiting your area. The stores in the hotel close early. For anyone from the States going for a first time visit, you definitely have to get used to the altitude change. It literally feels like your breath is being absorded from your body as you walk down the streets in Mexico City or go up and down on the elevator at times. ","annotations":[]}