{"text":"Horrible customer service As soon as I had arrived at Orchard Hotel, I felt unwelcome. We stayed at the Orchard Hotel for a total of two nights, three days. We chose this hotel because of its central location, and because it was hosting a conference we were attending in Singapore. We booked a room online with the triple B package. We were given a Superior Deluxe room with Internet access. It turned out the room had wireless broadband access, which was a plus.We drove into Singapore in a rented Malaysian car. As we drove into the front drive to drop off our luggage, we were completely ignored by the doorman. We stood and waited for five minutes until we were able to flag someone down to help us. In front was a van of European tourists, who were immediately attended to. As it was Christmas season, the check-in desk was understandably busy. However, the check-in desk was understaffed and disorganized. There was no sense of queue, and we had to fend for our place in line. Our room appeared hastily cleaned, and the floors were unvacuumed. The room was quite noisy at night. The breakfast spread was large, though once again, the service was questionable. Although we had booked for two people, the hotel made a mistake in the number of breakfasts allotted to our room (i.e. one breakfast for two people). The server was disagreeable, and didn't even think to give us the benefit of the doubt. She went to find the manager, and then halfway there, she realized she had made a mistake and quickly led us to a table beside the kitchen. Upon requesting to be seated in a quieter location, she snapped back and said that all the tables were full, though in reality, the entire cafe was probably half full. The final straw came at check-out, when I went to ask the concierge for driving directions back to Malaysia. Behind me were three young girls from Thailand, and I felt that the concierge was more interested in picking up these girls than helping me with my directions. Upon asking for the directions, the concierge then went on to say that he didn't know. And when asked if he had a map, he said that the hotel didn't have any, when in fact the previous day they had given me a map. Afterwards, I overheard the concierge attempting to pick up these girls, asking them for their name cards and phone numbers. I was disgusted. When I brought up the issue with front desk, they quickly found someone else to give directions, and indeed, they did have a map. The customer service at Orchard Hotel is spotty, and at the very best, second rate. It appeared to me that customer service was conditional on your appearance, and secondly, your country of origin. Coming from Malaysia, I felt that we were treated less favourably than if I had waved around my Canadian passport (which I didn't). I am extremely dissapointed with Orchard Hotel, and I don't think I would ever stay there again. I do not recommend this hotel if staying in Singapore. I believe one can get much better service, and much better quality of accomodation for less. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2769,"mention":"Canadian","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Molson_Canadian","http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Canadian_Club"],"startOffset":2761}]}