{"text":"Clean Rooms and Decent Location, But Lousy Service Stayed there for three nights in December; the facilites are good but the service needs serious improvement which was quite sad because the service at the Travelodge in Melbourne was very good.The room was large and clean when we checked in, with more than enough space for three people. The toilet was a bit small but useable. However the positioning of a table and two chairs was awkward as it was difficult to extend the extra bed with them there.The showerhead was already wonked when we got there; it extended from the wall but the nut was loose, so it kept sliding back so that the water hit the wall instead of us. Reported this to the staff early the next day and it was fixed.Hot water was erratic but available on the first night. The flow, however, was not even and would sputter as we showered. The night next it was even worse; there was no hot water and you needed to be a rocket scientist to try to get it! It was only cold and colder water. Also there was a loud gurgling noise when the heater operated.We had one bed (for two) and another extra bed. Housekeeping did not make the extra bed despite being asked to. After leaving a smaller tip, they got the hint and made the bed. The restaurant in the hotel is merely a dining room that serves a buffet breakfast at AUD$16.50 per head daily.There seem to be two kinds of staff here: one group is helpful and nice, while another is not helpful at all and a bit rude. We got the first when we checked in, but on other days we were quite let down.When we inquired about a Sunday market that we had been told about the day before, we were told quite curtly by one of the staff that there was none to her knowledge. When we checked out, the lady misheard us twice and told us quite curtly that we had gotten our room number wrong (despite staying there for three nights) when she heard us wrongly. She was very curt like we were at fault for everything, and seemed to not care about her job, or customer service. We were quite glad to leave, frankly. We were very let down by the service in this Travelodge, despite the decent location and clean rooms. We will not be staying here again unless we really can't help it. ","annotations":[]}