{"text":"was lovely! I found the Ayre Hotel Caspe lovely. It's quite, modern and clean and not too expensive (room was 340 for 3 nights, booked from hotel website). The area is lovely, it's a residential area so not at all touristy or tacky and its only 15 walk into placa catlunya or 5 mins walk to metro stop of either arch triomphe or tetuan(with choice of more lines). I would mention on check-in that you want a double bed (i read on tripadvisor that they give two single beds pushed together otherwise). I would also say you would like one facing the street as the rooms are bigger. We had an room facing the internal courtyard and although the bed was huge the room itself was quite small and so was stuffy. The bathroom was nice and big with a huge walk-in shower as well as bath. Towels and bed was attended to everyday and the bed was really comfy! The tv has channels from Spain,France,Germany and Italy and Uk (it's sky news but at least it's something). We didnt have breakfast included (its about √à√\u2020√ü?5 a head for continental...). Instead there is a fab cafe with bakery around the corner from the hotel. (go out foyer, turn right and take first left -it's across the road, they do huge fresh croissants and rolls for a few √à√\u2020√ü? The staff were lovely except for one man who was possible the rudest person I have ever met. Besides him, they were extremely friendly and helpful in everyway. The jazzi and steam room is in each changing room in the basement so it isn't very pretty (feels a bit sterile) but was nice and clean (though the water was a bit cold). There is also a small gym. I did find the hotel very hot. I think I read the temperate in the landing at 28 C and our room was so stuffy at night we had to turn on the aircon with isnt very healthy... Another negative is the door to the bathroom isn't sealed as it's a sliding lateral door... however, overall i would stay here again and would recommend it ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1211,"mention":"croissants","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Croissant"],"startOffset":1201}]}