{"text":"Wonderful time had by all I just got back March 9th after visiting Natura Park in Punta Cana. I traveled with my husband and 2 friends. IT WAS AMAZING!!!For starters we booked with Apple Vacations through a travel agent and this was so easy. The apple lady at the resort was so helpful. She made our reservations for the Ala Cartes so we didn't have to worry about it. First the hotel: Beautiful. Extremely clean. the beds were a little hard but I still could sleep. I loved the balcony and sitting each morning. We tipped the maid everyday and she kept our mini bar always stocked and we always had extra towels. The grounds are beautiful and well landscaped.2nd the Beach: Beautiful.. The ocean is so calm and I actually swam in it everyday. Very safe for kids. The seaweed was always cleaned up especially in front of us b\/c my girlfriend with us was laying topless and he kept checking her out. I believe we had the cleanest part of the beach. My husband and I loved to lay on the beach at night. Also we did not get up early to reserve a chair and we always got one at 10am when we went down on the beach. also to the left if you keep walking their is a beautiful place to swim.3rd the food.....Always something for everyone to eat. I did not like any of the sodas they had to drink.. Mixed drinks were excellent. Flavio and Sandro were the best bartenders ever!!!!!!!The steak house was incredible. I had filet mignon.. However the only downfall I did get diarrhea the last day there and I couldn't eat which made for a hard plane ride when you live in the lavatory. The buffet was beautiful and the waiters Pedro and Bruno were so kind and always knew what to bring us to drink.Tidbits........Check in was a breeze. The wildlife on the resort amazing. Beautiful vacation for the price. Nightlife limited. Good family resort. Shows cute. Aneudys was a wonderful entertainer. The workers at the resort work so hard and long hours they are there all day into the night. They greatly appreciate the small tips my husband gave them.. Language was not a barrier b\/c my husband and one of my girlfriends were fluent in spanish. That helped. BEST VACATION EVER... IN FACT PLAN ON GOING BACK IN OCTOBER AT THE SAME PLACE. IF YOU ARE GOING THERE YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!! ","annotations":[]}