{"text":"Amazing Hotel, Highly Recommended, Would stay here again and again We stayed at the Sofitel New York hotel in early December for 4 nights, this was our first visit to New York and we wanted to book a special hotel that was in the right location for ease of getting around. The Sofitel seemed to fit the bill.We really couldn't have chosen a better hotel, the Sofitel New York is amazing, what an entrance. We can see why it is rated No.1 on TripAdvisor!We'd recommend that you pay that bit extra for one of the Deluxe rooms which are located on Floors 15-29. Our room was on the 21st floor, the view was good view and it was very quiet. It was a good size room, the marble bathroom with it's seperate shower was lovely. In all a spacious room. The beds are so comfortable, you'll get the best sleep ever!The hotel is in the ideal location for getting around easily, you are never far from shops, restaurants etc.The hotel staff are all very helpful, the bar is a cosy place to enjoy a drink or two. We really couldn't find any faults with the Sofitel New York.The complimentary web access and printer located in the main lobby are a great touch, as we found it very useful on our last night, as it meant we could check-in online for our flights back home and print out our boarding passes. Saving us time in the queues at JFK.Concierge at the hotel is excellent, we asked for recommendations on nearby restaurants, we were given a list but one of those was Keen's Steakhouse on West 36th Street, what a meal we had, the service was the best we've received anywhere and the food was amazing. If you appreaciate good food and wine, you really should go to Keen's.The Doormen are friendly  attentive. On our last day, we were offered a private hire car back to JFK for $60. Compared with $45(ish) for a Yellow cab, we decided to go for it. What a good choice! It was a great way to end our trip. We travelled in a luxury black people carrier, a Chrysler we think. The driver was friendly, gave us free bottled water and it was a very comfortable and stress free drive to the airport.Rather than have breakfast at the hotel, we had breakfast at the Diner along the road, turn right at the front entrance to the hotel, heading towards 6th avenue. It's a great wee place, busy but great service, and the breakfast menu is vast. We tried various items each day and we never left disappointed or hungry.Overall a wonderful hotel, we have recommended it to friends  family, and we will personally be staying at this hotel when we return to New York. ","annotations":[]}