{"text":"Excellent hotel for what you pay for My husband and I had to fly to Punta Cana at the last minute and stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and it was great!!! I've stayed at those so called 5 star hotels in punta cana and believe me the 5 stars doesn't compare to this 4 star hotel. Last year we traveled with the kids and stayed at Iberostar Punta Cana, supposedly 5 star, and when I compared the two, IFA is much better. Food is much better at IFA even though I didn't make reservations to the a la carte, I enjoyed the buffet restaurants specially at La Casona that was next to my villa. When you visit another country you want to get out of the ordinary and eat typical dishes from that country. La Casona had Mangu every morning, at lunch and dinner they tried to mix typical dishes with other continental dishes and the desserts were great specially the Flan which was my favorite. I am usually a picky eater, but here I went aboard eating everything--I wish I can bring the Cook with me to NY!!! I didn't experience any slowness in the service for getting my drinks at these restaurants--on the other hand my husband was already wined out for so much wine he had.Rooms' air conditioner was good although the first day was leaking, but got fixed before the night was over. I had a few issues with the hair dryer, but got it repaired and also I was missing the cord on the phone, which also was resolved. The rooms were clean and I never saw bugs.The pools and beaches are beautiful. I am not too crazy about salty water, but here I stayed in for almost an entire day.. The water was warm, crystal waters, clean and most of all WARM. Not like the beaches here in the US that are always cold. Beautiful scenery and spectacular views.Shows and night life were also great! We went to the disco close to the beach almost every night and had a great time. Great gym and spa. Gym is bigger than most hotels and with more equipment.Overall my stay was excellent and is like another person mentioned -- IT IS WHAT YOU MAKE OF IT. Don't give an attitude if you don't want to get an attitude. :o) ","annotations":[]}