{"text":"Great Place! If you are from the US? We stayed at the Naiboa 8\/23 - 8\/27. Coming from the US I knew what to expect. I had been in the DR the year before. I made sure I had plenty of water and small bills for tipping. I also hit the ATM before leaving since there are none at the hotels or airport that could be found. Punta Cana is a beautiful place to fly into. Awesome airport and like I found in my last stay in the DR, welcoming locals. Punta Cana has a lot of construction going on. I am glad I did not rent a car. Coco Tours was excellent in getting us to the Naiboa. Last year I stayed at a Hilton near Juan Joilo Beach. The Riu was much more superior! The staff at check in was very energetic and we were warmly welcomed and given a tropical drink within 10 minutes. We did not get poolside rooms as I had hoped but it did not really matter. The rooms, like previous posts, were not the newest but were very clean. The odd single next to doulble bed layout is odd but I used it for clothes. The fridge was stocked every day and the dispensers were awesome! I only tipped my second day and the results were the same, exceptional. The only draw back to the room was the ac...they don't keep it on when vacant so it takes some time to cool the room down. Also, the electric pugs have a lip around them so I was not able to to charge my cell phone or Blackberry. Luckily, the front desk will charge them for you. One point: the hotel does have a mold problem. You can smell it when you walk into the main room where the shows are. The shows are fun and worth watching. The food was good. It caters to a Euro crowd. The breakfast was best. Neither of us ever got sick or had any problems outside of heatburn. I even used the water to brush my teeth and even drank some. The beach and pool were nice. I spent more time at the pool than anywhere else. You have to stake your claim, so get there before 10 am for a good spot. Both were very clean. The pool was the perfect temp. It closes at 7 which, to me, was very early. The only complaint I have about the trip, which was not really a problem, was the unfriendliness of the Euros. We are a mixed (white male and black female from the south). I think we were the only US citizens for several days until a single guy form NC showed up. We are very out going. However, most guests avoided us as soon as they realized where we were from. That was disappointing but we still had a great time and would go back any day! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2156,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":2151}]}