{"text":"Will Return!!! I just got back from my honeymoon, and we loved this resort! It was worth every penny! The pools are huge, and not over crowded, the loud music was great, but they also had a smaller pool that was quiet and very shaded if you just want to chill. I did water aerobics with Alex everyday at noon. The room was absolutely beautiful! We also paid for a couples full body massage on the beach only 80 dollars for both that lasted a hour! The beach looks just like the pictures, white sand beaches and blue green transparent water. It was gorgeous! We hung out alot at the Gri-Gri (which is the swimup bar) Miguel the bartender was spectacular! Great personality! Everyone working for this resort were some of the nicest people i have ever met. Our travel agent told us not to tip, that it was included in our price. But you fall in love with these employees, so we tipped everyone, and I think it made such a difference. not alot, just a dollar here or a dollar there. The shops on the resort are great, we came back with lots of souvinirs. Do not pay full price for anything, they are willing to come off the price some. I do not speak any spanish, and had it not been for my husband, I would have not understood anyone. This is the only downfall, is that everyone there speaks spanish. So atleast know some if you are going. They try to communicate in english, but it is very difficult. So just refresh yourself on your spanish before going.Also, I have a verizon phone, and it didnt work there at all. The operators kept asking for our credit card number when we would try to make collect call. I had been told not to trust anyone outside of the resort, so we never gave it to them. So make sure and take a calling card. Or there is a internet room on the resort that is 3 dollars for 30 minutes (which is ample amount of time to send a email).Our only complaint (which was not the resorts fault in anyway) was that our travel agent hooked us up with coco tours to transport us from the airport to resort, and resort to airport. They were AWFUL! Not reliable at all. At first, we couldnt find them when we got off the plane, it took like 45 minutes of dragging our bags around before locating them. Then our representative at the resort didnt show up to meet with us to schedule our ride home. We called, and called, and she wouldnt return our phone calls. Then finally on the last day she answered and scheduled our ride for 1pm. a hour after checkout.....so we sat outside and waited, and then when they finally pulled up at 1:45 said there was only room for 2 people, so there was a argument between everyone waiting on their ride. When I go back, the only thing different is I will tell my travel agent not to book me with coco tours. I will go with someone like expedia instead. It was for sure the nicest trip and nicest price trip I have ever been on. Most beautiful resort i have ever seen.Oh and I took bug spray and never had to use it! I kept hearing, the mosquitos were so bad. I never saw the first one. Hope this helps! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":493,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":488}]}