{"text":"bad choice We spent a week at Makaha Golf Resort for our 25th anniversary. Looking on line the resort sounded like the perfect choice. I did note a few somewhat negative reviews prior to booking but the negative comments did not seem too bad. The drive to the resort was in the late afternoon. I did not think that it was THAT far from the airport. I was aware that there were some homeless people on the beaches near the resort (from a review) however the amount of homeless was astonishing!!! They are living in tent cities all along Farrington Hwy. Although there are some beautiful beach areas near the resort, I did not feel safe to go there with my family. Once at the resort, it appeared well groomed and the setting in the Makaha Valley is beautiful. Once we got to our room ( a bit of a walk...you can ask for a ride from the resort staff on a golf cart...but they don't offer it readily. They don't even offer it if they see you carrying alot of bags or groceries to your room....not much on service at this resort....beware of the staff driving around on the golf carts...they go a bit fast and some of the areas have blind curves that you can't see them coming) As I was saying, once we got to our room, we found an outdated room with a 1'x1' fridge that had the door open and was not working, no shower curtain, and 2 double beds that were the most uncomfortable ones that I have EVER slept on. Camping on the ground would have given me the same effect. There was no binder in the room that offered any information about the services that were available at the resort, menu for the restaurants on the grounds, information about the surrounding areas, hours for the pool etc. I walked to the desk and requested a shower curtain, a hide a bed, more towels (ther was only one set in the bathroom and there were 4 of us in the room) and the resort information book. On the way back to the room, I noticed the restaurant was open and went in to see what the menu looked like. Saturday is Buffet night, $35\/person for all you can eat. That was the only option. Looking at the menu for the other days, most of the items run $25-$35 per plate. We were told that there is a restaurant open for breakfast\/lunch across the pool. We ate there twice and found the food good and a bit more affordable.About a half and hour later a hide a bed and towels were delivered. I had to go back to the front desk to ask for the shower curtain and the info book (never got the book). The toiletries that were provided were the usual small bottles of shampoo and lotion. The soap was a round 1 1\/2 x 1\/2 facial bar. I asked the houskeeper the next morning if there was any larger size of soap and she stated no I also informed her that our refrigerator was not working and she said that she would have it replaced. We found a grocery store a few miles from the resort and bought a real bar of soap and some snacks and beverages. I was informed by another couple staying at the resort that there were gas BBQ's available, actually ONE BBQ that I was able to locate...again, we did not know this because there was NO INFO BOOK IN THE ROOM!!!!! and the staff did not provide any info. There is an activities desk in the lobby, but I only saw someone at the desk once during our 1 week stay. If you need Wi-Fi the only place that you could get a connection was in the lobby of the resort.There really isn't any restaurants in the area....none that looked like ones that I would want to eat at anyway...and I'm all for trying the smaller local eateries....but not in that area!We tried to get out of the room as early as possible and not return until we were ready to shower and turn in for the night. We tried to stay away from there as much as possible.I would not recommend this place to anyone. I would not return there either. It was very disappointing. Listen to the reviews that are written. Voices of experience are better than the photos that the Resort posts on the website. ","annotations":[]}