{"text":"Adequate Hotel Just returned yesterday from a 4 night stay. Location is fine - just a block away from Times Square and walking distance to most Broadway theatres. The hotel itself is nothing special. The colour that comes to mind when I think of it is gray - the lobby area is quite dull, so it doesn't give a great first impression! Susan on the tours desk was very rude - I enquired about doing a tour the following day and was asking some general questions about it. One was asking about the size of the bus (trying to ascertain if the tour group was large or small) - and she looked at me and said Well how big do you want it to be?....you don't look like a big woman - I was shocked! She kept talking over the top of me when I was talking so my husband  I walked away. Concierge (on another desk) were so-so - I asked for restaurant recommendations for a dinner for our 10 year wedding anniversary we were there to celebrate and she really couldn't come up with any! I had done some research at home before I left into some restaurants so she was just making comments on those - not coming up with anything new!! Everything that I asked about that I thought looked good for us she poo-poo'd. So I finally asked her about Cipriani's and she said the better one for us would be the Downtown location (there are many around NYC) so we asked her to call and book a time between 8:00 and 9:00pm. She said she'd call us to confirm but never did. We approached her later and she said she had booked us in for 7pm - which is way too early for us but we went with it. Got there and it was like a cafe - not at all the 'ambience' I'd described to her that I wanted. So we sat down and ate whilst looking out the window at daylight outside....very disappointed....Anyway, back to the hotel....our room was a corner room so looked NW towards the Hudson River. The room decor was once again 'gray' but modern. Bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nice (although not much bench space). Never got a turn down service which was strange. Unfortunately we heard other guest room doors banging all night which as very noisy and woke us up each time. Oh also the toilets in rooms around us were noisy and we could hear when each one was flushed - all night!! Very disappointed with the Exec Lounge on the 8th floor - too many people for the amount of tables - at one stage people were eating breakfast standing up! No one cleared the tables, staff left a couple of trays in the room so we were expected to clear our own table by dumping our plates and cutlery on these trays before leaving. These trays were not cleared regularly enough so they ended up being piled high with plates that ended up falling onto the floor on one ocassion! I've never seen anything like that in my 30 years of travelling!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1947,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1943}]}