{"text":"Great Location! I'll be honest that it took me a day or two to like this hotel. It is a fairly simple walk from the train station. However, for some reason, something about the reviews on here left me with the impression that the hotel was on a pedestrian street. So I was first a little disconcerted that the hotel is right on the really busy street leading up to the Duomo. I knew from the reviews here to expect a dodgy looking entrance - and it was definitely dodgy! And I, personally, would not have painted the entrance\/breakfast room such a loud shade of orange - very picky thing, I know, but it just contributed to a less than elegant first impression. However, our stay was definitely lovely. Our room faced the back somewhere and had a tiny balcony. Even with the 'patio doors' open we could hardly hear the street noise - I could hardly believe it. The room was spotless - I'm picky and in my initial state of not being overly comfortable I did actually try to find evidence to support my discomfort and I couldn't. The bathroom was roomy and very clean. There was room for toiletries even! My husband loved it and was a little exasperated with me for being so picky. And I have to admit that he was right, it was a great choice. The location is amazing - 1\/2 a block down from the baptistry. It was great to be able to return to the hotel during the day. Agree that the folks working there are very friendly and helpful and the free internet\/laptop station was a great bonus. I booked directly with the hotel and they were kind enough to email and ask if they could book any reservations for us. Breakfast was more than adequate and it was nice to have cappucino\/espresso included with breakfast. I would definitely stay here again and would definitely recommend it. I, personally, prefer a little more character in the style of a Residenza\/Pensione so I would probably try to find something like that the next time - but if I wasn't able to or couldn't find the right price range I would definitely book this hotel again. ","annotations":[]}