{"text":"stay away from bavaro princess I would not go back to punta cana or the bavaro princess. I traveled with 2 other couples and we all felt the same. First off as soon as you get off the plane they charge you $10\/person as a visitor fee at the airport. We went platinum and it was definetly not worth the extra money. Check in was supposed to be easy however there wasnt anyone there to direct us where to check in so we waited in line for the general checkin only to be told we where at the wrong place and had to chatch the golf cart to take us to the platinum lounge for checkin. The so called lounge had a table with some bottles of top-shelf liquor and 2 types of american beer, no music and no atmosphere. Room was average with no bugs but could have used a paint job. They had 3 types of liquor which was not top shelf, more like bottom shelf local liquor. No ice machines to make drinks even if you wanted. The beer in the room was average. The pool was decent however dont expect to have cocktail waitresses coming around taking your order and it is difficult to get a drink at the bar since the had only 1 bartender at a time. They ran out of top shelf liquor at the pool bar and at the beach bar. They also ran out of ice for an entire day, yes, that's right they didnt have ice. To get to any restaurants or to the casino it was an ordeal as everything is spread out. The grounds were well kept though. The food was below average and severeal people got sick from our group even though we didnt drink the water. Most employees spoke little to no english so trying to find out what was going on was next to impossible. The shows that they had were a complete joke and not worth going to. There was nothing to do after dinner, no where to go and relax and listen to decent music. The music there was not good either. Forgot to mention that the service in the restaurants was horrible, took 1 hour to get served at the seafood restaurant and the food was not worth the wait. The so-called best rest.licey wasnt all its cracked up to be.The only thing positive I liked was relaxing by the ocean. I would never go back. ","annotations":[]}