{"text":"fantastic experience We stayed at the Ocean Sand and Golf Beach Resort from 23rd October - 3rd November and it was the best holiday ever so far!!! We travelled with first choice from Gatwick, check in went smoothley and the flight was comfortable with entertainment throughout. Punta Cana airport is lovely...you definatly feel like you have just arrived in the Caribbean, again security etc was pretty easy and straight forward.When we arrived at the hotel, people were already doubting it which we could not understand as it looked fantastic! We went through to check in as the bell boys unloaded our luggage, cocktails were served and before we knew it we had our room key! We were shown to our room...we were so excited and definatly not dissapointed! We had a huge 4 poster bed, a lovely bathroom with a jacuzzi, stand up shower, 2 sinks, bathrobes, slippers and plenty of fresh towels...almost immedietly after we arrived at our room our luggage was deliviered by the bell boys! First impressions overall were very good.As the holiday progressed the hotel maintained its high standards. We ate mainly in the buffet restaurant, there was lots of choice and the food was always being changed so was always fresh and hot and was never sat there all night! By the way the ribs here tasted lovely!!!We also tried the italian, american diner and the caribean grill. These were all fantastic and had good menus to suit all tastes. How people can say the service is bad we cannot understand...all the staff wre so friendly and helpful! Always saying HOLA, smiling and dancing! The waiters and bar staff could not do enough for you...we never had an empty glass and never had to wait long for anything even during busy times!The beach was beautiful. It was very clean with plenty of sunbeds and the ocean was gorgeous. The pool was also lovely, very clean and never too busy. We never struggled to find a sunbed and we never got out too early!!! The entertainment was brilliant. My partner can not sit still for 5 minutes, however he was always occupied whether it be football, volleyball, water polo or some other 'crazy game' there was always something for him to do. Evening entertainments was also great, the dancers were entertaining. The theatre was being done up whilst we were there so the shows were done in the lobby, this was big enough but sometimes got busy at the weekend. The dancers were very professional and were really good even when it was busy and they didnt have a lot of room. The weather was gorgeous. Really hot, we had a couple of showers and one overcast day, but the majority of the time it was very hot! The only thing we could fault if we had to is a handful of guests but no one cdan help this....the great poeple we did meet made up for the not so good anyway!!!!As our first long haul experience we had an amazing time!!! we would recommend the hotel, resort and country to anyone! We will definatlry return one day but have other places to visit first! If you do have any questions we will be happy to try and help....ENJOY....its a fantastic hotel!!! ","annotations":[]}