{"text":"A little better than your typical Courtyard I'm a big fan of Marriott properties and have stayed at Courtyard hotels all over the west coast. While I usually like Courtyard, I loved this property.While most courtyard hotels are 3-4 stories, this Courtyard is 18+ stories tall. It does have a courtyard area, and the rooms facing the courtyard are very quiet, with no street or traffic noise. For some reason, if your room faces the courtyard, you cannot open the windows. However, if your room faces the noisy street below, you can open your windows.The check in area is more nicely appointed than most courtyards. The breakfast\/restaurant area is better too, and includes an omelet bar and waiter service that is more typical in a restaurant than in the courtyard. Unlike most courtyard hotels, this property has room service that will prepare and deliver hot meals. They have a business center that allows you to access the internet and print pages free of charge.We stayed in one of their courtyard facing rooms for one night and then moved to a street facing suite for the second night (because I like fresh air and wanted to open the windows). Both rooms were nicely appointed and clean, but there was noticable street noise from the second room, even on the 15th floor. Unlike most courtyard properties, both rooms offered a heating and AC system that was more like a residential unit, as opposed to the in wall system that you typically find in a Courtyard property. This was important to me because the in wall systems are quite noisy, while the system in both rooms were very quiet. Both rooms were a bit small compared to what a Courtyard usually offers, but the room size was quite typical for SF at a more reasonable price.Be warned that they charge about $45 per day for valet parking ($38 plus tax, I think) and have no self-parking, but this is typical of all downtown San Francisco hotels. The per person breakfast charge was higher than most courtyards ($18 per head), but children under 12 eat free. In SF, everything is more expensive, so I was willing to forgive both.In all, I liked this property a lot. The decor was modern, clean, and pleasant. The amenities exceeded the typical Courtyard amenities. The price was quite reasonable for San Francisco, which is generally a very expensive City to stay in. ","annotations":[]}