{"text":"A beautiful hotel destroyed by terrible service! Our stay started out with problems at the front desk. We around 20 minutes before 3:00. Told that check in time is at 3:00 and we should go to lunch and come back at 3:00. We returned after lunch and was given a room and told our luggage was already in the room. No concierge took us to the room, it took us 20 minutes to get there and the room was located far away. Of course, our luggage was not there. We went back to the front desk and told them we did not want that room. The said okay but we could not get another room until 6:00. We sat in the lobby in our travel clothes and waited for another room. The concierage told us that he would tell us about the hotel at 9:00 the next morning. Why couldn't he tell us during the 2 hours we sat in the lobby? Because he wanted to try and sell us time share. So we never got the introduction to the hotel. At 6:30 we finally got a new room and they found our luggage. First day, totally wasted. Turned out that room was next to the utility closet and we did not sleep at all the first night because we heard the pipes all night. Went down to the lobby in the morning and asked to have our room changed. They said they couldn't because the hotel was 100% booked and there were no empty rooms. The hotel was actually about 25-30% booked. They finally gave us another room and a concierge did take us this time and showed us around the room. This room was on the 3rd floor and that night there was a door on the roof blowing opening and closing. Went down to the lobby again to complain and they gave me the 100% booked speech again. I made the head of guest services come up with me and she could not believe how bad it was. She called maintaince and in 15 minutes had the door closed. End of that problem. We had massages in the spa and droped $250.00. Massages were good. However, the next day we took a massage workshop in the Zen pavillian. They told us how they take you into the spa and show you how to use each pool first, than the steam room and then the sauna. No one showed us and we did it all wrong. They also had fabulous cabanas outside where you could have your massage in as a single or a couple. But no one offered us that and instead we had our massages upstairs and listened to the drilling that they were doing downstairs with construction in the spa. Too bad that they did not offer the beautiful cabanas. The food was average- enjoyed the Japanese and Asian the best. Some of the outdoor restaurants did not open when it rained and also Nanos did not open until our last day- we were told it was because the hotel was not full enough to have 2 outdoor buffets open. Hmmmm.... they could not change our room because they were 100% booked yet the restaurants did not open because they did not have enough people. Not impressed with the Market Grill because the food laid out there all day from 11:00 to 6:00. We found the atmosphere to be a bummer because everyone we met either in the lobby or the restaurants or the pool had nothing but similar complaints that we had. It was a shame because the hotel was beautiful and the grounds with the gardens was really nice. The service was terrible, food just fair, rooms very musty and nightly entertainment very weak. Overall, we would NEVER recommend this resort and would NEVER return. We have travelled for over 30 years and been to so many great places. This one was a real disappointment and we felt like it was a waste of our money. By the way, we did tip including a real nice tip to the front desk when we arrive and found it did not help at all. Trip was a bummer! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3545,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3541}]}