{"text":"Pros and cons... Our overall experience was positive at the Embassy Suites and we knew what to expect based on the reviews posted here. Overall, it was clean, there were no problems checking in or waiting for things, felt the staff was very attentive. The rooms are spacious, very comfortable beds and clean. The daily breakfast was good ( a little too lukewarm sometimes but not bad), some prepared food or you could wait for cook to order. There was a line but it moved quickly. We didn't like that on weekdays breakfast ended at 9:30-my 3 teenagers didn't like getting up that early on a family vacation. Weekends it ended at 10:30. The managers reception at 5:30-7:30 daily was very nice-free drinks...they say 2 but noone checks. Food and drinks by the pool were very good, priced as you would expect at a resort. The pool area is beautiful...multi-level pool with waterfall edge on the beach side. The beach is so-so-it is somewhat manmade as it is lagooned off by a jetty wall. This caused seaweed to accumulate in it once you got 30 feet out so that was a turnoff to some. Not a long expanse of Caribbean beach if that is what you are looking for (if so, go to the Westin--beautful hotel and beach). The major complaint we had with the hotel was that it seemed very crowded with local resident people. Seems like they must use it as a pool club or offer incentive rates during the summer because it seemed to be 90% local residents and 10% visiting travelers when we were there. Made it very crowded and a bit loud.Also, we felt the choices for dining out in the area were not good. Went to La Terrazza, 2 out of 5 meals were passable, 1 was good, 2 were not edible. Other area restaurants were closed one night unless you want fast food. Had to travel to Bayamon for dinner one night. We stayed here because my husband had to work in SanJuan...if we could stay anywhere we would try the Westin next time. Looked beautiful although previous reiews of it were not so positive. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1352,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1348}]}