{"text":"Holy smokes !!!! you a druggie? perfect hotel! avg budget traveler? AVOID!!! I was on a 5 week trip of Europe in Nov 2001 (not 2002 actually). The one Brit who wrote the review what do you come to Amsterdam for? is just as right as me and the others. i will let him speak for the partiers --- If you are a party animal who plans to be so drunk or stoned that you will never notice what a cheap dump you are in, then this is the perfect place for you. If you do not have a lot of money to spend and you do not plan to spend what little money you have for the legal marijuana\/cannibis, then AVOID this hotel at all costs. Bite the bullet - Spend the USD$100+ a night and go the the Ibis hotel by the train station. Before my trip, i planned every detail to avoid problems like this. I tried so hard to find a quality hotel in Amsterdam at an affordable price, and I thought I found one that was not in the Red Light district. (i found a couple of sites that claim hotel Winston is 2 minutes from it when in reality it is in the middle of it!) I saw a photo of the lobby on the internet site and it looked very classy. The price was right for me - about 75 euros a night. I was soooo tired from my 11 hour train ride from Zurich, and I was so happy to see that the photo of the lobby was accurate. I checked in and went upstairs to my room AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!I clearly asked if the room would have a private bathroom - Yes, they said. However, only the shower was in the room - community toilets ! - no thanks - that hotel floor was full of druggies and drunks. The carpet was disgusting looking , the bed looked horrible, old, and lumpy. I seem to recall the color RED for the paint on the walls, very very very RED. PLUS - who frames a pair of dirty looking MENS UNDERWEAR (tighty whitey no less !!!) and hangs it on the wall as ART ?? ART?!??!?!?!maybe they got their interior decorating ideas from the movie Nation Lampoon's Animal House ........That is exactly what it looked like. So I dropped my luggage in the room at 11pm - the shock and awe prevented me from being sleepy anymore. I immediately walked the whole main part of the city going into every good hotel looking for a place to stay. I did not sleep that night. I went to a 24-hour internet cafe and stayed up all night. I retrieved my luggage in the morning, checked out and went to the IBIS hotel by the train station for 100 Euros a night. That was the only hotel that I felt was safe, and reasonably priced. See my review of it when I write it. PS I noticed that budget traveler families were more likely to post positive feedback about this place than budget traveler individuals - perhaps there is something to that. Perhaps to hotel staff - Families would not be drunks\/ potheads and therefore get decent rooms, but maybe they think individual travelers would be drunks \/ potheads and therefore they (we) get the Animal House accomodations...... hmmmm ","annotations":[]}