{"text":"Had a great holiday here We booked a 7 night stay from Christmas Eve until New Year's Eve in the one bedroom Biscayne Suite. We paid just over $1,600 including taxes by booking using the hotel's website on the 21 day advance non-cancellable rate. Considering that we were going during one of the most popular times of the year we think we got a fairly good deal, though the rates at other times of the year seem to be cheaper.Upon check-in, we learnt that we had been upgraded to the larger one bedroom Palm Suite. The rooms were clean and spacious, and the ocean view was spectacular (my wife could have spent all day watching the boats!). We went for the Ocean View after reading some reviews on Tripadvisor about potential noise in the City View rooms, and it probably was quieter on our side. However, there were a couple of nights when we were woken up by sudden engine or generator noise from the harbour. Nothing too bad, but not as tranquil as we might have expected. The kitchen was notably well-equipped and clean.As recommended by other reviewers we parked in the self-park next door to the hotel, which was $6 a day rather than using the hotel's valet service at around $18. For internet access, the hotel provides complementary access in rooms if you bring a laptop and ethernet cable. Otherwise your options are the hotel's business center (pricey), a cafe a few yards away (less pricey), or the Coconut Grove Library next door to the hotel (free!). Registration for computer use at the library is a straightforward process and takes no more than a few minutes.The facilities of the hotel were good, and the location is good for shopping and restaurants. The pool was nicely heated, though sometimes busy. We dined at the restaurant and pool bar a couple of times, which were both good too. We found all of the staff extremely courteous.One complaint: the washer-dryer in our room broke down mid-cycle, leaving all of our clothes soaking wet and soapy. We reported the problem and were told that an engineer would come to look at it. A couple of hours and several follow up phone calls later, an engineer finally arrived and after consulting with the front desk we were advised that the washer\/dryer was the responsibility of the apartment's owner (most if not all of the apartments are privately owned) and so Sonesta were unable to do anything to sort the problem out. As I was renting from Sonesta, I felt it was their responsibility to tackle the issue. They also said that my original pre-upgrade room would not have had a washer\/dryer in there (this seems to be inconsistent with the floorplans on their website, which show washer\/dryers in both the Biscayne Suites and Palm Suites) so the fact there was a washer\/dryer there was supposedly a bonus. In the end, they let us use the permanent resident laundry facilities, but we ended up wasting a morning of our holiday sorting this out.Nevertheless, I would definitely consider staying at the Sonesta Coconut Grove again and would particularly recommend it for families that need the flexibility that of an apartment with a kitchen. ","annotations":[]}