{"text":"Loved the Grand Flamenco My husband and I are members of RCI (a timeshare exchange) and we booked our trip through them. I was worried b\/f getting to the hotel b\/c I had been to this site and there were some very negative reviews. A week (5\/19-5\/26) at the hotel proved those reviewers wrong (some people are just to uptight). The rooms are nothing spectacular, but they are sufficient. The room we were in included a mini bar  fridge, closet, beds,  a bathroom. Not the greatest room I have ever stayed in but it was air conditioned, all the appliances worked, and it was perfect for storing our stuff  sleeping in; thats all you should really need it for ,after all, you're in the carribean. The staff was friendly and helpful. The beach  pool were outsanding  super clean. We payed for all-inclusive so the the food and bars were free (strongly recomended). The bars were great for a good buzz. The buffet had a large variety and the food tasted good. The snack bar was decent  their chicken nuggets were awesome. Dinner is the best meal at the hotel because it has the most choices for restaurants and everything is very good. There are 4 specialty restaurants the dress code is semi-casual (men need pants  a shirt w\/ sleeves  no flip flops: women are fine as long as they don't wear a bathing suit or flip flops) and they require a reservation which can be made by 2pm the day you would like to eat at the concierge desk. My husband liked the mexican best, then the steak house, then the asian, then the italian. I thought there was a tie between the asian  the mexican for the best, then the steakhouse, then the italian. 2 specialty restaurants are available every other night. If you need a snack between lunch and your late dinner seating I suggest la taqueria upstairs 6:30p-12:p. Don't expect everything to be exact times it is island time (get to dinner on time though). The only thing I could complain about is paying for our safe lock and key  maybe the sun b\/c we got sun burnt but thats a hazard no matter where you are. Overall, it was a wonderful trip. ","annotations":[]}