{"text":"Not very friendly, my teens were bored Go to this resort if you go as a large group but do not go as a famly with teenagers. My teens were bored as there was not all that much to do there. The disco was not that great and there was not really a common area where they could hang out. They did go to the gym daily and did hang out in the pool area. But somehow, they did not seem to meet other teens. I did see alot of bored teens hanging out with their families. I did meet one family with teens whose mother told me that they had been so bored all week that they welcomed the company of my kids. However, they were leaving the next day! I have been to at least seven resorts over the past 5 years and I found that this one was the most unfriendly. It is not the staff that I am talking about. They are all great and polite and every one says ola to you. It is the guests who were mostly French and European who cannot greet you or each other. I do not expect them to say hello as we are in a Spanish country, but they can smile and perhaps say ola. These people do not have to push to get in the buffet lines or to pass by.They can say Excuse  when they have to go by or get something in front of you . Their manners were terrrible. We are all on vacation and we can be friendly and nice to each other. In this way, we can all have a better time. I have to laugh at a comment my husband made one day. One evening, there was a donkey in the lobby as part of a coffee display. Everyone came by to say hello to the donkey and take pictures. He commented that they say hello to the donkey but canot greet each other. Overall the resort was well kept and beautiful.The food was not great, but you could find something to eat.Not too much choice if you were vegetarian.Our Tv was broken all week. We called at least seven times on different days during our stay, and they were going to fix it right away but noone ever came. In the end it never got fixed.As well, the maids do make the beds daily, but I suspected that they did not change the sheets or pillowcases. So I marked the pillow case in pen with an X. And sure enough, I came back and the bed was made but the pillow case was still the same.On the first day, I tipped the front desk $20 to get us a non smoking and quiet room. How the man smiled and told us that we had a very quiet area. Guess what? We got E block which is noisy until 11:30 every night. And you can smell the smoke from the heavy smokers that had stayed there. What a fool I was wasting my money! Our neighbours had locked themselves out on the balcony at midnight and could not get back in. We called the desk at least 8 times to inform them of this. These people were stuck out on the balcony until 2:30 in the am. Remember that if you close the patio door, you are locked out!So my advise to people going to this resort. Go as a group. Do not have any expectations that you will meet other people. I am very friendly and say hello to lots of people, and have no trouble making friends on holiday, but this place was a challenge.( I should have bought a Speedo for my husband- maybe it might have made us more acceptible with the culture.) I think that Mexico is a better place to go- generally the resorts are better and the food is better quality. There are also more English speaking people there. And whatever people say about Americans- they are much more friendly than the French Canadians and Europeans. I would much rather spend time with the former and have a great vacation.As well, do not bring Canadian dollars. They are worth much less than the American dollar.Pay cash for the trips rather than your Visa. Our excursion to Saona island should have been $360.00 US dollars. In the end, we would up paying about $420.00 on our Visa. A hefty markup for not having American dollars.So go if this resort is cheap and you cannot find any others. But this is really a 3 star resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1466,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1460},{"endOffset":3540,"mention":"Canadian","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Molson_Canadian","http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Canadian_Club"],"startOffset":3532}]}