{"text":"Heavenly Getaway We just got back yesterday from an incredible week in the hot Dominican sunshine at the Grand Paradise. The resort was amazing (granted this is our first all-inclusive getaway so our comparators are few, but we do travel alot) - we had a superior room with a garden view (highly recommend this for better cable and quiet sleeps - pool view is a bit noisier it seems) and we loved it.The staff was incredibly happy, helpful and plentiful. The rooms were clean (granted, a few minor decorative repairs were needed but they were minimal eg. a piece of broken quarter round on the dresser, a little tear in the patio door blind), spacious, tastefully decorated and a\/c'd! The food was delicious, plentiful and there was incredible choice. Our favourite of the specialty restaurants was the Dominica grill Taino. We heard some complaints from people we met there who had trouble with wait service at the Italian restaurant but we didn't have a bad experience. We found that a $1 or $2 US tip was remembered by the staff and they were even MORE helpful to us after that small token of thanks. The vegetables were a big hit at the La Laguna Buffet as was the breakfast there, others reviews are right, the omelette station is the best!We were in building six so only a few steps from the beach, pool and restaurants. Honestly, we couldn't have been more pleased. We never had trouble finding chairs, no matter the time of day we went out. The ocean and beach were wonderful, and they had staff cleaning up any garbage the guests were leaving about throughout the day. We took the snorkelling trip and had a blast. Our captain even took us on a side trip to see sharks and stingrays (they were in a pen but we swam around it) or a few extra US $ - was a great day.Lots of Europeans so many foreign languages to hear and the resort is small enough that you can meet new friends and get a sense of who is on holiday 'with you'.The activation team work SO hard it blew my mind away. There was something to do, if you wanted, all the time, but if you just wanted to chill out and tan, that was possible too. The shows at night were great fun - not much in the way of sets, but the main stage appeared to be under renovations, so the shows were up at the Paradise Club (I think it's called) about a 4 minute shuttle ride away.The only small spot of complaint would be that I agree with other reviewers that the staff at the gift shop is a bit hard to engage or get help from...but really, there's not much need to be in there for more than five minutes, so in a week, that's not much to complain about.We visited the market beside the front gates to the resort - the shopkeepers are aggressive and you'll definitely want to bargain\/haggle the price down to at least half of what they start at.We spent our nights having an end-of-evening drink by the beach bar - hearing the surf and the laughter and singing of the staff was great - we knew we were on holiday and were well cared for. We highly recommend this resort (for all ages!). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2272,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":2268}]}