{"text":"Wonderful Family Experience Hi - we just returned from the Grand Mirage Resort in Bali. It was an excellent choice for my family of five (children aged 8, 6  5). We purchased the all-inclusive package, which was very convenient to our situation. The all-inclusive package included transfers, food, drinks, lodging, gamesroom, internet, non-motor watersports, tennis, etc. and time-limited activities like jet-skiing, ocean snorkelling, massages, etc. The service was excellent - everyone likes to smile. The first night I arrived, I asked for an extra bed and within minutes they brought one free of charge for the week. The room was big, but was slightly dark and musty. We didn't mind as we really only slept there. I would recommend upgrading to an Ocean View though. The food in the main restaurant was good - lots to choose from in the buffet. The oceanfront grill was magnificent as was the Italian restaurant inside.The swimming pool is excellent - it's like 3 big pools in one and was never crowded. The ocean was good as well, but unswimmable after 3pm as the tide goes out. Get your chairs early as everyone throws a towel on them in order to reserve them. There are a few locals who enter the beach area and try to sell tours and knick-knacks, but they are not aggressive like the ones in Kuta. Lots of security guards around but never a distraction.There are shows every other night, which were good and entertaining. No noise at all - we never had any problems and everyone slept extremely well. Across the street from the hotel, there are restaurants and shops that are pretty decent. Expect attention from taxi drivers and shop\/restaurant owners. I especially recommend one little jewellery shop across from the hotel that specializes in silver. We bought three beautiful silver necklaces with exquisite pendants for US $110.The hotel is an excellent choice. It's not a gold and diamonds hotel mind you - you won't find the rich and famous here, but that's exactly why I liked it.All the best... ","annotations":[]}