{"text":"A place to sleep... I chose this hotel after reading a lot of positive reviews on TripAdvisor. A lot of things about the hotel are true. The service is great....when we checked in, Judy let us check out a couple of different rooms when we asked if we could get a room with a view of the courtyard. She let us check the one that was available with a view, although she said it was smaller than what we were supposed to have. Then she let us check out the room we were supposed to get that had a view of the parking lot. We ended up going with the smaller room with a view as we didn't need the pullout sofa. Aaron and Joemar also helped us out during our stay by giving directions to certain sights and helping us get our taxi to the airport. They were all very courteous and happy to help. We had no problems with housekeeping either, and our room was always clean when we came back in the evening. The coffee in the morning was nice, and the place seemed to have lots of activities for the people staying there although we didn't really take advantage of that. There is a computer in the lobby to use the internet, as well as an activities desk. The room itself....was just ok. It is obviously an older room, and it was pretty small, although it had a small kitchen, and we only really used the fridge. There was no tub (only a shower) in both the rooms we looked at. The bed was just ok to sleep in, but after a long day, it doesn't matter as long as you have a place to sleep. We pretty much kept the A\/C on all day so it only smelled a little funny when you walked in, but otherwise the smell went away. The location of the hotel itself is fine. It is across the street from the International Marketplace and is just a short walk to the beach. We rented a car for one day, and fortunately found street parking on Ala Wai Blvd because we were told there were no more spots left for our car. It would have been a problem had we rented for more than one day. Overall, this is a place to crash for the night. We pretty much spent all of our time outside of the hotel, so it was fine, but if people prefer to hang out in their rooms to relax, this probably isn't the place you want to do that. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":909,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":903}]}