{"text":"What can I say??? Amazing!!! We spent 7 wonderful days in paradise from January 31 - February 7, 2008. We booked our trip through Conquest vacations and the entire event was flawless with one exception. ( I will further explain later) This was our first international trip and we were a little apprehensive about everything from the flights to the accomodations. I must say though that the Grand Palladium far exceeded our expectaions! When we arrived at 8:00P.M and checked into our room, We were a bit dissapointed that the room had two double beds and not 1 king as I had requested with the travel agent. Not a big deal, the next morning we met with Richard at reception and he was able to get us into another room later that day. The rooms are exceptionally clean and welcoming. Although we didn't spend much time in our room it was very pleasant to enter our room with cool air conditioning, clean sheets and towels, polished marble floors and lovely towel art with fresh flowers everyday! Our housekeeper was great, we left a little trinket such as lipstick, bodyshop soap and lotion as well as $1.00 each day. They love receiving Canadian\/American products as those items are either not available or very costly there.We loved the food and had a preference for the La Cathedral buffet as it was the largest and had so much to choose from. The food was always fresh and never boring. We tried a couple of the Al a carts but didn't like the wait nor the selection. Bars everywhere and the drinks were fantastic! I loved the Bahama Mama! It's a fruit punch slushy with rum. Refreshing and Yummy! The towel game! Yes, it is true! If you wish to secure a spot either poolside or at the beach, you will have to play the towel game and get out there early in the morning. However, we liked to start our day by the pool in the morning and after lunch we would gather our towels and head to the beach and had no trouble finding loungers after 1:00P.M. We booked two excursions the first was Dolhpin Island and it was great! The staff were fun and took lots of pictures and put them on CD that you could purchase for $20-$30 US. For me it was worth it! We also went on the 8 Wheel Monster Truck Excursion! What a wonderful experience! Our tour guide, Gregory was great! We learned so much about the Domincan history and culture. It was fasinating! Apparently if you book the trip online as I did, it is a bit cheaper. If you decide to take this trip, it is recommended that you may want to bring some pens, pencils, erasers etc, as there are many children that run along side of the trucks and wait for you to toss presents out to them. All in all everything was great and I can't wait to go back! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2185,"mention":"Monster","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Monster_Energy"],"startOffset":2178}]}