{"text":"Don't bother if you're looking for a rest ! We have just returned from a 4night, 4 day trip to Barcelona, staying at the Apsis Splendid. We arrived late but were welcomed by the staff on duty who spoke very good English. Our room was very small ( 3rd floor ) and overlooked the washing lines, complete with washing for the residents of the area ! The bed was very hard and had a delightful rubber sheet on it so we were forced to lay a blanket over it for comfort. The bathroom was nicely done out but again very small. You had to stand at an angle to close the door behind you ! The deal we booked ( which was very good value ) with Go2Spain included breakfast every day. The breakfast area is very bright and spacious, the buffet is fantastic but is was guarded with what we termed the 'Breakfast Police' ! Every day, without fail, one of the staff stood guard over the food ! As soon as one left, another replaced them on guard !We found it incredibly uncomfortable so much so that the last day we didn't bother. There were signs up saying that food must not be taken out of the room - fat chance ! The Hotel was very noisy, lots of comings and goings throughout the night and early hours but the worst was yet to come - at 07.35 on the third morning, the WORK began - bang, bang, bang, drilling, electric saws coming from what we thought was the room next door - on further inspection it was on every floor ! There were dust sheets, paint, wooden flooring, furniture everywhere you looked ! We obviously complained at reception but they didn't have any rooms that weren't part of the Refurb ! We returned for a nap at 17.30 only to find them still hard at it ! Our request for a later start time was agreed - they manged to wait until 08.00 the last morning of our stay !!If still wanting to stay here, I suggest you wait until the work is finished - if you want any sleep.The plus side for us was the location, a safe, short walk to Las Ramblas. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":463,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":456}]}