{"text":"Stop the complaining!! Okay, first things first. Do yourself a favour and don't listen to all of those Wankers who still managed to find something to complain about -- even on vacation! If you hate beautiful weather, golf, Pina Coloda's by the ocean, medallion steak lunches, friendly staff, romantic Italian dinners and aphrodisiac liquor this place is totally not for you. Seriously forget it. You should definitely re-route your plans to the wax museum.For those of you who clearly desire an auspicious holiday this is the resort for you. Here is the run down of what we experienced in minor detail:1.) For starters, this was the first all inclusive type holiday that my Fiancee and I had ever been on. Generally, we prefer a more adventurous vacation but since we could only afford to take a week off we decided to give it a go. Boy am I glad we did. Killer trip.2.) We were greeted at the lobby with a delicious Pina Coloda and kindly escorted by the bell boy to our room, which was clean and quite spacious. The room includes a locking safe which we found handy for our personal belongings. 3.) Tipping does go a long way! These people work hard and hardly get paid. Wouldn't you appreciate a buck or two for good service? We found that by only giving a few dollars of appreciation our fridge was always full with cold beer and our towels and bedding were changed daily. What else does one need?4.) Our package included 4 rounds of free golf. The course was indeed dry, but that's to be expected with the temperatures being so high. We also managed to book every tee time when we wanted, regardless of the fact that the resort was completely packed. The scenery was amazing and we enjoyed watching all of the native birds around the course. Coolio. 5.) We also enjoyed making friends with many of the workers especially the Bartenders and Beach\/dancing activities coordinator. It was hilarious to learn the different dances in the hot tropical sun, slightly blitzed from the Mojito's. Which, by the way, are amazing if you can get them to add fresh mint (go to the bar in front of the Barcelo Beach). 5.) As for the food....There was ample selection as we had access to all of the other Barcelo resort restaurants. We personally loved the Mexican Restaurant. If you have a few tequila shots with the waiter you're sure to end up with the bottle on your table (thanks Francis) but read the fine print -- could result in double vision or ruin ones golf game. hee hee. During the day we usually ate at the buffets to avoid the line-ups. Neither of us became ill either which was an added bonus.6.) Do buy one of the Dominican paintings. They're amazing!! We spent an entire afternoon looking at them, finally settling on a beautiful piece in our price range that I love dearly. It is presently in our living room. Well, I could write a ton more but certainly don't have the time. Have a wonderful vacation and remember to smile and have fun. Life's as good as you make it!!! Especially on vacation :) ","annotations":[]}