{"text":"Hotel Paris -- Magnifico! My daughter, my best friend, and I just returned from a week in Florence. I absolutely do not know where to begin with my praise for this beautiful hotel  its staff! We were visiting my other daughter who is a student at the Rucellai Institute. My husband was unable to accompany us, so I was more than a little homesick. But, no need to worry. From the second we entered the lobby, we were treated as Royalty! (It didn't hurt that my husband's family hails from Gubbio, Tuscany  our surname was instantly recognized by Francesco at the desk!)We arrived at the hotel a full hour before check-in, but our room was ready. We had booked a twin superior for 3 people. The room was absolutely breathtaking. It was huge! We had a lovely view of the Bell Tower  the Dome. The decor  furnishings were beautiful as well. There was a print of Botticelli's The Birth of Venus on one of the walls (one of my all-time favorites!). The bathroom was marble. I loved the towel warmers. When my daughter saw how beautiful the room was, she asked if she could stay with us instead of at her apartment. I asked at the front desk if that was ok  to please charge me the extra $20 per night for her. Not only did they let her stay with us free of charge, but I also had the feeling that they kept an eye out on both of my daughters (20  21).Our itenerary was that we would stay at the Hotel Paris from Monday night thru Thursday night, check out Friday morning, travel to Venice  Verona on the weekend  stay in Verona Friday  Saturday nights. We had no where to stay Sunday night  also nowhere to store our luggage while we were in Verona. We were going to stay at my daughter's apartment, but that didn't work out. We checked at the desk to see if they had any rooms for us upon our return to Florence Sunday night, but the fellow told us they were booked solid. However, he said it was fine if we left our luggage there (even though we were checked out!). He suggested that we keep checking, though, which we did  Francesco did come up with a room for us for Sunday night! We were ecstatic!!!The trip to Verona was fun, but I sure missed the luxury of Florence  the hotel! When we returned to Florence, the gentleman at the desk whipped out a hotel brochure to show us our new room. Well, it was none other than the Presidential Suite! I thought he was joking ... he wasn't! OMG ... the room was so beautiful. It felt as though we were staying in a museum. They charged us for a regular room. It was their present to the princesses. Unbelievable. Frescoes; antiques; wall niches; fireplace; beautiful art, rugs, chandelier, lamps; etc. And, the beds .... so comfortable. The bathroom was a beautiful shade of cherry red, mosaic floor. Breathtaking.Besides the beauty of the hotel itself, I have never met a staff that was more accommodating. They helped us in so many ways ... from dinner reservations to train reservations, etc. When we asked directions to the travel agent, the young man actually walked us all the way there! Our plane for home was leaving Florence Airport at 6:40 a.m. Monday. The girl at the desk (Cara) left 3 breakfast bags for us (gratis) ... how thoughtful is that?I could go on  on with my praises. Rest assured that the next time I visit Florence (can't wait for that!), I certainly know where I'll be staying! I can't wait for my husband (not Francesco, but Frank!) to come with me.In summation, visit Florence  stay at the Hotel Paris. You won't be disappointed. This place is a gem  I haven't even mentioned the gorgeous breakfast room! ","annotations":[]}