{"text":"This is one of the most beautiful hotels in the world!! I have stayed at many 5 star hotels and this one is one of the best. It has its own grounds which is a true tropical paradise with lagoons, streams, and swimming pools in it. The hotel grounds are adjacent to the ocean so when you swim in the main pool you can see, hear, and feel the ocean surf pounding. It is that close. But the beach itself is not one for swimming or snorkeling. There is always a large surf and flags flying on the beach that say √à√\u2020\u2022√ä?√≠ANGER-STRONG CURRENTS√à√\u2020\u2022? So even thought I swim daily in the beaches of Southern California, in the month I was in Bali I was in the ocean a total of 3 minutes. There was no need to go in it with such lovely pools. Anyway, the pools were great, the grounds great. My room was great, service was outstanding, internet connection good and reasonably priced, breakfast great, poolside services and food were also great. Plus I had to make an emergency call to the US for about a half an hour and when I got the bill it was quite reasonable too. As for the hotels location, it was a mixed bag. The center of Bali for tourists is Kuta beach which is abut 6 km down the street., This hotel is located in the area of Seminyak. The walk from the hotel to the center of Seminyak is about 1 km or a 10 minute walk. There is everything you need in Seminyak such as restaurants, bars, massage shops (legitimate), shopping so you do not have to go into Kuta beach unless you want to go to Starbucks. At night Seminyak has a great nightlife which goes on all night. The only problem is the on the main street between the nightlife and the hotels is a major Lady-boy hangout. These lady boys got very aggressive late at night grabbing men passing by and looking into and knocking on car windows stopped in traffic. I cannot stand this so I only spent the night out in symmican once. The rest of the times I took a cab to Kuta beach which although tacky it was strictly heterosexual. And the cab fare is small, about $2 US. The main street between the hotel and Kuta beach is great and should be walked in its entirety at least once because it is the best shopping street with everything there and many stores to choose from. Be on the lookout for great silver stores which have outstanding silver\/shell jewelry at rock bottom prices. After I came back I saw a jewelry show at Costco featuring jewelry from Bali and they were selling for $80 what cost $15 in Bali. I stayed at this hotel for about 3 weeks and did not want to leave. I had everything there. If I ever go back to Bali this is where I will stay. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2324,"mention":"rock","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rock_candy"],"startOffset":2320}]}