{"text":"Very very nice I stayed 5 days in Bali and split that between 3 at the Grand Hyatt and 2 at the Intercontinental. I am going to try to compare and contrast between the two. I will put this review under both hotels.Grand Hyatt Bali. I stayed at the Grand Hyatt first and my initial reaction was WOW! The hotel, the room, the gardens, and the pool were just beautiful. The breakfast was ok, but the scenery was, again, beautiful. We were sitting right by the fish pond during breakfast, and I was able to feed the fish from our table (very fun!).Intercontinental: Having stayed at the Grand Hyatt first, I was initially a little disappointed with the pool and the gardens. The Intercontinental is much smaller than the Grand Hyatt, and I don't think as pretty. However, by the end of my stay, I came to like the Intercontinental a bit more than I did the Grand Hyatt. The Intercontinental has little thoughtful touches that the Grand hyatt does not.Rooms. I do not think you can go wrong with either hotels' rooms. I liked the rooms at the Grand Hyatt more, my travel companion liked the rooms at the Intercontinental more.Pool and gardens: The Grand Hyatt property is much bigger. The Grand Hyatt has things like water slides, basketball nets in the pools, etc so I think is much more kid friendly. The pools also snake around the property and has a lot of areas where it is hidden from view. There is also a hot tub and a cold plunge right nest to the pool. The pools at the Intercontinental are all rectangular and the main pool has a very nice swim up bar. Although I did not think it was as nice as the Grand Hyatt pools initially, it grew on me the more I stayed there and by the time I left, I kinda liked the Intercontinental pools a little more than I did the Grand Hyatt pools.Beach and surrounding area. The Grand Hyatt is in Nusa Dua, adn is basically a 5 star hotel campus where I do not think the locals are allowed to go (there is security at the gate to the Nusa Dua). Although it is a beautiful place, it felt a little artificial. Also the beach during low tide (which was every afternoon while we were there) was too far out for anyone to go into the water.The Intercontinental is in Jimbaran Bay, which I have to say is a beautiful beach. There are also tons of seafood restaurants on the beach which are very good. One night we walked about a mile or so to the right of the hotel (when facing the beach) to the third cluster of restaurants and we thought that the restaurants there looked the best. What I mean by that is the restaurants and the tables were as crowded as the others and it looked cleaner. While walking on the beach, we saw a lot of the local kids playing soccer right on the beach as the sun was setting and their parents were watching. It was a very enjoyable scene.Both beaches are clean, although I have seen cleaner. The water is clear, but as someone else put in the reviews here, it is not the white sand\/clear blue water we see on TV occasionally in other places. Of all the nice beaches I have ever been to, the nicest ones were in Phi Phi Island in Thailand and Guam (yes, I said Guam). Both beaches in Bali fall short of those two.Service: The staff at the Grand Hyatt are nice enough, and I have no complaints, but the staff at the Intercontinental seems to care a little bit more and I felt they wanted to go the extra mile for their guests. I cannot really point to an example, but it is just the feeling we got when we stayed there.Bottom Line: I do not think anyone one can go wrong staying at either hotel. I would recommend the Grand Hyatt over the Intercontinental for parents traveling with children who plan to mostly hangout by the pool. I would recommend the Intercontinental over the Grand Hyatt for people who would like a more authentic Bali experience (although I do not think staying at a 5 star hotel in Bali is very authentic), a nicer beach, and for adults traveling without children. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1545,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1541}]}