{"text":"Very Clean, Very Hot, Very Disappointing Food Overall all, this place is a great value. That is if you place no value on food....Rooms-Clean and comfortable but we did have a problem with ants in our bathroom.Hotel Grounds-The Bahia is well maintained and very clean. There are constantly people cleaning and doing so more than almost anything else. Its clearly the managements main focus.Beach- Blue, Blue water. No peace and quiet. If you need a quiet place dont even go to this resort beucase there is none. Constant music makes for a great party atmosphere though. You are better off laying out at the beach than at the pool. At least there is a cool body of water to hide in and a cool breeze that makes the heat bearable unlike the pool which...Pool- Its a bathtub. Not refreshing but it does have a pool bar. Get up early becuase there is a chair problem at the beach and pool under the huts so mark your territory early.Drinks-They were OK as long as you know not to drink your hotel room water, dont have too many drinks containing coconut and do ask for a double if you want to get anywhere. The beer is OK if you like to drink you glass of beer all at once to avoid allowing it to boil in the sun within moments of having it served to you.Service-They do have wonderful service and the staff is very nice. But we were disappointed to find out that there wasn't any drink waitresses around the pool but the pool bar is pretty good.Restaurants\/Food- In short, the food is not very good. The snack bar serves everything hot, even when it shouldn't be... including cheese and mayonaise. Don't even expect ice or any thing cold whatsoever. (I think it sublimates once exposed to the ambient air.) For breakfast the omlettes are safe becuase they are prepared in front of you, for lunch you are on your own. My suggestion is the fruit because my feeling was if they can't cook it its probably safe. Then again, they did fry pineapples so your rolling the dice at the buffet all week long. And they may not tell you this at your travel agent so EXPECT TO BE ALLOWED ONLY 3 RESERVATIONS. Ther rest of they week you are resigned to the buffet. But they restaurants aren't that great either. Only the French had consistently good food. Get in more than once by calling guest services and asking if they have any cancellations. Also, BRING LONG PANTS. This was another important point my agent left out which caused some big problems. They will not let you go to dinner without them. Overall- Its a very nice place giving you a lot of ambiance for your money but leaves a lot to be desired with respect to the food. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2508,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2504}]}