{"text":"Outstanding Hospitality and Location! I stayed at this hotel recently for a business trip and convention for 6 days.It is extremely convenient to just get off your plane, claim your bags, and walk to your hotel. Very desirable for the business traveler.But really what I thought was outstanding about this hotel was the evident and abundant courtesy I was shown. Hotel staff was always friendly, helpful, and cheerful when I spoke with them. I noticed outstanding eye contact and politeness at all times. From check in, to laundry pick up, to asking questions about my stay, to checkout, etc, I received consistently great service. I am floored because not once did an interaction between hotel staff and me feel awkward or rushed. Not once. I think with all the individuals I spoke with, the fact that they all were similarly courteous reflects greatly on the hotel's management.The bed was very, very comfortable and well-appointed. The breakfast was quite simply, the BEST I've ever had at a hotel. A simply amazing selection of food and beverage at breakfast. Absolutely everything and anything a hungry traveller could want is presented for breakfast (and cheerful service). Nice, clean exercise room too to work off that wonderful breakfast.I hate to use a marketing cliche that Starwood is using in their promotions today, but here, you really do feel like You don't just stay, you belong. It is indeed a refreshing feeling to have execution behing the marketing message.If I have to find any flaws, they are very minor with my room and I did not complain to the staff about them: My room was not warm, even when I set the temperature to the maximum. Also, the main vent made a noise from time to time, and I fixed it by knocking on the fixture until the clanging stopped, which seemed to work pretty well.Will I stay here again? If I'm in Frankfurt, absolutely. Count on impeccable courtesy and service, the best breakfast anywhere, and a clean and comfortable room. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1184,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1180}]}