{"text":"Nightmare of a Hotel - A long overdue review This was a last minute reservation as we came back to Amsterdam from a trip to Turkey. We couldn't find any other hotels and ended up having to stay here for one of the worst nights ever!! Being on the plane for hours was better than this fetid place. Upon entry, the reception did not give away much and we thought, we can tolerate a hotel we haven't yet scoped out for just one night. As soon as we entered the hallway with rooms however, the scenery changed. A chamber maid was cleaning a room right next door and had casually taken the sheets, towels, you name it and plopped them onto the floor in the middle of the hallway. Yuck!Then we opened the door to our own personal hell. Our hotel room immediately stank of cigarettes and some other odors I don't care to identify. We noticed the carpet was littered with many mystery stains of impressive size. In addition, the window sill was full of cigarette butts, empty wine bottles and odd objects like a hair brush. The bathroom appeared to be clean but at this point we were so disgusted that we decided to shower in our slippers and not take them off unless they were to be replaced with shoes. We're not neat freaks mind you - just normal people that enjoy a healthy dose of hygiene. That night I dared to look at the mattress. What a mistake!! i won't go into the details here but I refrained from telling my husband what I saw lest he sleep standing up, propped against the wall or something. We did however, sleep in our clothes, vampire style with our hands crossed across our chest. Needless to say we were more than eager to get the hell out of this garbage place and get on our flight. I can safely tell you that our economy class seats were more comfortable and clean than that pig sty. We thought of taking pictures but decided against such a reminder of a horrible night on a trip that had been so pleasant. I did want to make sure to warn those who may be going to Amsterdam against this hotel though. Should you go, I highly recommend the hotel right next door or the Amsterdam American hotel. Have fun and stay clear of this place! ","annotations":[]}