{"text":"Nice cold shower in the morning! The hotel is in a good location for shopping and entertainment around Orchard Road so good for tourists. I stayed here on a one night stopover whilst on business.Check-in was ok, I was repeatedly advised that the hotel is strictly non-smoking (which I wouldn't have known becuase I couldn't have seen the half dozen signs in reception telling me and the declaration of a $300 per day fee for cleaning the room in the event that I did smoke on the check-in form). Despite this I was asked to sign an acceptance of this condition despite it not being mentioned at the time of booking. Regardless I was happy to sign as I do not smoke and hate being in a non-smoking room where somebody has smoked so this was all very acceptable if not unorthodox.The room was pleasant enough, modern furnishing, a bit of a dank smell (combination of aircon and lack of ventilation of fresh air). Window faced onto another building so no sunlight. Internet connection was free so this was a real plus as I was on business. The free minibar is ok (not quite a minibar, more of a mini-minibar but hey it was free so I'll leave it there).The bathroom is quite small and poorly laid out (don't expect to use the bidet as there is no water pressure). The whole bathroom thing got worse the following morning. I rose early to catch my onward flight (6am) to discover that there was no hot water. I thought at first that it would just get warmer and I hopped in. Alas it was freezing for the entire shower so I woke up very quickly. When checking out I mentioned this and was told that I was in a corner room so it takes a while to heat up. There was no apology, no response to how long does it take to heat up unlike the repeated references to smoking at check-in. I therefore decided to give this hotel a miss for future trips as I like a hot (even a warm) shower in the mornings. Whilst the hotel was quite modern, it appears to lack soul. The service is a bit perfunctory and there was little or no personal touch even when problems occur. Better than some and if you like a cold shower then highly recommended. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":4,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":0}]}