{"text":"RD not any more a travelling choice I have just return from a 14 days stay in that pricess hotel. On arrival my agent ask for beach view.... they gave my the most far door from the beach you can have at this hotel, the room smell mould a lot, there was black mould all arround the bath tub, the door on patio side have been forced so it was not possible to lock it, it is a fist floor room. We had to spend more than half an hour with the reception to have an other room. The other room on the same model except my wife and i had to sleep on twin bed because they had only this room with twin beds to offer. The room was not clean because there was sans on the floor, burn and broken fixtures in the bathroom, also there was some birds excrement on the door frame. The first morning we want to use the coffee maker but there was no electrical outlet near by for it, the wire was 1 foot long, we hade to use the bathroom outlet.After few days we notice, the small fridge in the room was not refilled every day as per advertised we had to ask for beer and soft drink, There was no face cloth, we ask for 2 but they could find out only one for us, some days we had 3 towels some days 2, some days 4, some days we had body lotion some days conditionner some days shampoo and most of the time we had to ask to have something who was missing. The only thing they do okay it the beds and that's allThe food was good but the service is very very poor even for the buffet, there is some food or beverage who was only served by waiter, but be very patient and repeat often what you want and be patient again. There is 5 a la carte restaurants food is good but one night at the Japanese they were washing the floor, wich was very dirty, while we were eating, after the lunch the waiter told us to to go into the entrance to have our desert.... on a very low table... a pain. on the second week there are some friends (5) who have been sick after eating in the Japenese restaurant.The personel of the hotel seem to be nice only if you tip, they don't do think if you don't tip. They are arrogant and they do not us to spend any more money in their hotel and countryThis is not a 5 stars hotel this may be 3 1\/2 Stars at the most but they charge for a 5 stars and they irritate you all the time with a dolars, even my wife was ask for a dollars at the hotel jewellry guy while she was looking the jewellery in the counterI DO NOT RECOMMAND BAVARO PRICESS HOTEL EVEN I WILL NOT RETURN TO DOMINICAN REPUBLICA I WILL SPEND MY MONEY SOMEWHERE ELSE ","annotations":[{"endOffset":808,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":802}]}