{"text":"Would go back in a heartbeat! Hotel Villa Real is a spectacular place to stay. I truly enjoyed everything!LOCATION: The location is ideal. It is located less than a 5 min walk from the Prado and Tyson museums and about a 10 min walk to the Reina Sophia museum. It is also centrally located to many fabulous restaurants. It is about a 25min cab ride from the airport and only 5min cab ride to the train station.SERVICE: The service was excellent. The personnel at the front desk were extremely helpful in recommendations and setting up tour guides and a driver to El Escorial and Segovia. The only problem was a slight communication barrier. The hotel front desk staff spoke enough English to communicate but in no way were they fluent. They also did not have a formal concierge however; the staff gave recommendations\/service equivalent to what a concierge would have provided.ROOM: The room was wonderful. We (I went with my family) stayed in two standard rooms on the third level which were very large, had separate sitting areas and had huge windows overlooking the front of the hotel. The bathrooms were also very large and modern. The beds were very firm but comfortable. They also had plenty of closet space. Everything worked properly and felt like it was brand new. The only down sides were that all the rooms have hardwood floors and thin walls and they have no non- smoking rooms or floors. INTERNET: The internet was the worst part of Villa Real. It is very expensive wireless (about $15 for only one hour). However there are alternatives including several internet caf√ã√\u2022√ñs around the hotel and a Starbucks is located just down the street. FOOD: We did not have breakfast at the hotel nor did we have the room service; however the restaurant in the hotel is very good. They have a very wide range of food (both tradition Spanish foods and other more continental dishes.OVERALL: I would go back to Villa Real in a heartbeat. It was a great experience and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great place to stay in the heart of Madrid. ","annotations":[]}