{"text":"True to all the positive reviews about this hotel! My husband was lucky enough to be awarded a trip to New York for his efforts at work so we had a choice of 4 star hotels for a 4 night stay and based on the reviews on tripadvisor.com, we decided to stay at the Sofitel...plus the fact that the hotel is excellently located for Times Sq, Broadway, 5th and 6th Avenues and Central Park, plus the Rockefeller Centre, Grand Central station and more! We did a lot of walking! I managed to get a Sofitel Privilege card in advance and emailed the hotel a few days before our arrival asking for a room with a view of the Chrysler Building which upon on arrival we were duly upgraded to, room 2200...lovely spacious room, great view....our only niggles were the air con was a bit noisy but we didn't need it so switched it off and you could hear the lift shaft noises but we usually fell asleep very quickly on those great big comfy beds and the lifts never woke us up. We ate once in the hotel and although the breakfast and service was very good, the price was horrendous...$50!!!! So we tended to eat our breakfast at the Red Flame Diner a few doors down which was usually near full with tourists and with locals, always a good sign. The food there was always promptly served up and the service was good...I wouldn't say the food was outstanding but was nice and a lot cheaper! The hotel was very clean and the staff were there but unobtrusive which suited us, we only used the concierge once and just asked a question about a taxi to get us to the heliport (as we had a helicopter trip included - fantastic - do it!)...the free internet service in the lobby is a great touch and enabled us to do a bit more research about our trip and send emails back home! We only seemed to get the Evian water at night (no chocs!) but it was a nice touch. We would say that the Sofitel deserves it's 4 star rating and we would definitely stay here again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1830,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1826}]}