{"text":"My Friend Was Attacked At This Hotel My friends and I booked a one week all inclusive trip through Conquest Vacations to stay at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort  Spa. This hotel has very minimal security and the saftey of their guests is not one of their priorities. On our third night in the resort, my friend was attacked by another guest on the hotel property. The hotel security did nothing to retrain the attacker, and when we were calling for help, they did very little to respond to our cries. My friend suffered a large cut in the top of his head, several blows to the back of his head, two chipped teeth and a badly bruised nose. He spent two nights in the the hospital and the hotel management subsequently did nothing to repremand the guests that attacked my friend. They were simply taken back to their hotel rooms and were able to finish out their vacation as planned.In addition, on the night of the attack we were asking the hotel to call the police as we would like to press charges. The hotel management lied to us and told us that my friend would be put in jail if we did that, and they refused to call the police as police in the Dominican Republic will only respond if the hotel calls for them. Needless to say, the hotel does not want the police to show up on the resort, as this would result in bad publicity for them.As a result, our vacation was completely ruined due to the lack of hotel security and Grand Palladium's refusal to take any responsibility for the saftey of their guests. The hotel manager told us explicitly that they have over 8,000 guests and we can't be responsible for the safety of each person. I guess we were just six unlucky individuals that the hotel could not protect. I warn all potential guests to go with caution.Furthermore...the hotel was lacking through the following ways:1. They do not have enough beach towels for all their guests, you have to exchange your towel before 9am or you will be stuck with a dirty, wet towel for the rest of the day.2. One of the days there they sent all regular towels to another hotel, and the entire resort was without clean towels to bathe with.3. We requested rooms with two beds, and they were unable to accomdate this request, and so they brought us a cot that was infested with bed mites. (This was evidenced by bites that were on our bodies in the morning)4. One morning there was an electrical shortage, and we were without running water, A\/C and unable to flush the toilets for a few hours (as running water is apparently connected to electricity in the Punta Cana)5. No hot water in the hotel - cold showers all around.I would never, ever return to another Palladium or Fiesta group resort. ","annotations":[]}