{"text":"VERY INCONSISTENT!! My new wife and I just got back from our honeymoon at Secrets Excellence in Punta Cana, stayed there Dec. 3rd-10th. Going there we were so excited to spend the week away at a tropical paradise and in leaving we were quite upset with the whole experience and ready to leave.This was my first all inclusive so I was not sure what to expect. It sounded good, no worries about carrying money around, FREE DRINKS, good food. Before I booked I read the reviews and thought the people that were complaining were just too picky and stuck up. Sadly not the case. We vacation usually once a year and I have been to quite a few different places, this is NOT a APPLE 6 Star, or whatever they classify it as. I will not bore you with everything that went wrong(impossible, too many things that were not major but just kept adding up the entire time) but I will summarize the trip.ROOM: Musty smelling just like everyone said! I complained once but nothing was done so we sucked it up. Maids would clean it between 8:00 am and 4:00 pm, different every day. No honeymooners ribbon on door till my wife said something 3 times. Others we meet had it on their door when they arrived. I even left $5 the first day thinking we would get better service, DON'T bother.SERVICE: VERY INCONSISTENT!! A few spoke very good english and allways had smiles on their faces. Many others were just there. Most of the staff knew no english. Seemed like they were allways looking for tips and almost mad if you didn't give one. I brought $50 in singles and tipped a lot but didn't feel it made any difference. Overall VERY average(This fault surprised me the most by the end of the trip)GROUNDS, POOL, BEACH: By far the best atribute of the resort. Great pool although a little cold. Plenty of chairs to lay out on. Great views, ocean is rough but great.FOOD: VERY bad. I would not go back if it was just for the food. Long waits, poor, poor service in all of them, poor drink selection. Beer selection was very bad. Do the safari tour, we had a blast on that. Enjoyed the country, very diverse and pretty.All in all, VERY POOR management of this resort. They just don't have it down!! Should have gone to Mexico. DO NOT GO HERE!!! ","annotations":[]}