{"text":"Excellent hotel! My friend and I just came back from a 4-night, 5-day trip to Singapore. We decided to stay at the Royal Plaza on Scotts because we have heard many good reviews about it and we got a pretty nice deal with asiabesthotel.com.We were not disappointed.Check-in was a breeze and the staff were very friendly. I recommend Karen at the front desk, she is very warm and willing to help out...very knowledgeable, too. Anyway, we were given a room on the 6th floor. We were also informed during check-in that the hotel was smoke-free and the rooms may not have a view. That was fine with us. We all knew this before we came to the hotel, so it was not an issue.The room itself was very clean, I think it was newly renovated. The beds were just right, as were the pillows. I love their slippers, though, very soft and perfect after a day walking through Singapore. Everything else was pretty standard. The bathroom was clean, but no bathtub. Personally, I like it better. I never use the bathtub in hotels anyway and the rain shower head more than made up for the lack of a tub, in my opinion. There had been a bit of a problem with the water heater once, though, but it was immediately fixed, so no biggie.A great touch was the free minibar and the free wireless internet if you have a laptop. If not, there is a complimentary 15 minutes daily use of internet at the business center (2nd floor) for guests. I don't think they're that strict about it, especially when there aren't much people who are waiting to use the computers.The breakfast at the Carousel was good, in terms of variety (and maybe quantity) and about average in terms of the taste and food quality. The ambiance was pretty cool, and the staff as always were friendly and very attentive to your needs (I dropped a fork and was immediately replaced even before I asked for it). As the other reviewers may have mentioned, the buffet does not serve pork. Sausages and bacons are made of chicken, beef or turkey. The hotel is in excellent location. Scotts Road is very, very near Orchard and about 3-5 minutes walk to the Orchard MRT. Beside the hotel is DFS Galeria and McDonalds and other malls just a few steps away. Overall, I would rate this hotel as above average. It falls a bit short on the food (taste and quality). BUT, as we paid SGD210\/night including breakfast, we consider this as excellent value for money. So this ups my rating, definitely. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":210,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":206}]}