{"text":"Easy to recommend this resort Our group (five of us: my girlfriend, her 15 year old son, her 23 year old daughter, and the daughter's boyfriend) stayed at the Melia from March 31st to April 7th. We had a great time. Thank you to others who have posted reviews as they were extremely helpful. First of all, the place is BIG, so bring some comfortable walking shoes. The trains are always running, so you don't have to walk, but we enjoyed the walks. Our rooms were in Building 40, which was close to the main Caribe lobby. We thought about moving closer to the beach, but found it was handy to be near the main buildings for dinners and nightly entertainment. We'd stroll down to the beach area for the entire day, including breakfast and lunch, and wouldn't return to the room until it was time to get ready for dinner anyway. And then it was only a short walk in our dinner clothes. We managed to have a la carte dinners every night, although making reservations was a chore - start calling ext. 6313 immediately at 9:00 p.m. to make reservations for the next day. There are phones all over the resort that you can use for this. If someone is already on the phone, ask them to pass it to you instead of hanging up when they are done! It might take you 20 minutes to get through otherwise..They reserve half of all the a la cartes for the Royal Service guests, so they get first pick. If you don't get what you want, grab something and call again at 2:00 p.m. the next day, this is when they release the reservations not used by the Royal Service groups. Getting a reservation between 7:00 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. is not easy if you're a group of five. We ate three times at the American Grill and it was great. We ate twice at the Dominican restaurant and it was good, but it was REAL slow - be patient and you'll enjoy it. The Japanese restaurant is the toughest to get in - we made it finally on our last night and it was very good. The beach was great, a bit weedy, but they kept cleaning it up - probably a result of the storms the week before we arrived (we had great weather each and every day - mostly sunny, few clouds, and windy to keep it from getting too hot). The pools were great too, we usually sat poolside in the late afternoon. No problem getting 4 or 5 chairs whenever we needed them. Staff are very courteous. The 15 year old played pick up beach volleyball for several hours every morning and afternoon. We did have a few problems in our room, but took it all in stride (shower, toilet, and one of our beds collapsed on one side as the legs folded under!) and had lots of fun. The grounds are beautifully landscaped and the buildings are well spread out so that you don't feel crowded at all. The activities staff are not overly enthusiastic, but there is always plenty to do. You can walk up and down the beach for several miles in either direction. A great place for families. If you are extremely concerned about having a la carte dinners at particular times it might be wise to opt for Royal Service. ","annotations":[]}