{"text":"A bit disappointed... I have no major complaints, but after reading the predominantIy positive (and in some cases extremely positive) reviews, I have to admit: I was a bit disappointed.I was referred to the hotel by a colleague in Holland who had informed me that the hotel was recently renovated, and was impressed by the work they did in the lobby and bar area. (He had never seen any of the guest rooms.) With the incredibly convenient location---right in central Amsterdam and across the street from the train station---with its reasonable rates, and with great reviews, it was an easy decision to make the Victoria home for my week-long business trip.Indeed, the lobby, the bar, and the entire lobby level was very nice. But once I stepped out of the elevator, things went downhill fast. If the hallway was renovated, I couldn't tell. There was a bit of a stale smell, and the carpet was lumpy. The room was very small, just enough space for the bed, a small desk, dresser, and a small wardrobe. The bathroom was probably the smallest hotel bathroom I've ever seen in my life.On the topic of the bathroom, there were a few annoyances:-- No counterspace whatsoever. There was literally one inch of space on either side of the sink.-- They don't provide washcloths.-- The tiny shower stall had one of those light-weight curtains that get sucked into the stall when the water's on and cling onto you while you're showering. While the rooms may possibly have been renovated (hard to tell for sure), it definitely did not feel like I was in a newly renovated or newly-decorated room. The room, the furnishings, and the carpeting were all kind of dark. Reminded me of an average Holiday Inn. Nothing modern; no LCD TV. In fairness, though, everything seemed clean and in good repair.In summary, I would rate my overall experience as average. If you're looking for basic accommodations at a great location, you may be very satisfied. But I would not consider this to be a four-star hotel, as they claim. My stay was reasonably comfortable---and not so bad that I felt compelled to pack my stuff and move out---but I will consider other options for my next trip. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":619,"mention":"Victoria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Victoria_Bitter"],"startOffset":611}]}