{"text":"fantastic!!! I was travelling with a group of four girls one of which has wrote the review previous to this. Having read the negative comments I felt I needed to back her up and support the Prins Hendrick. Its as simple as this if youre looking for cheap accomodation in the center of Amsterdam with excellent staff then this is the place to come. I cant comment on the stairs as I never actually used them, as there is a perfectly good and always working elevator I didnt see the need, in fact I couldnt even tell you where they are!The room was excellent the bathroom was just refurbished and was spottless. The room decor was lovely and most importantly clean, there was 4 single beds with ample room for us all including table and chairs and t.v. What more could you want!!! Location ! excellent! Straight across the road from centraal station, dam square is around the corner and the red light district is around the next! To be honest we thought we were staying in Dr Whos Tardis every time we turned a corner we where back at our hotel, impossible to get lost. Its even within walking distance to Anne Franks House, What more could you want! Breakfast was exactly what they stated continental although the scrambled eggs were great and toast was self service. If youre looking for a fry then there is a cafe round the corner doing english breakfasts, although we never tried it. The staff are excellent I honestly dont know what the other comments are about. On arrival we were met by the owner who was not only really nice but also very informative regarding places to eat and directions etc. We actually talked about a comment on trip advisor and he felt very cheated to say the least. We in total met 5 staff including the excellent bar staff but a special mention has to go the lovely young guy who was on the graveyard shift who we unfortunately didnt get his name.  Would I go back again? Absolutely in fact we are planning for next year already!! I would have no problems recommending this hotel to any-one, its a great hotel in a great location with great staff. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1248,"mention":"toast","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Toast"],"startOffset":1243}]}