{"text":"Good hotel and a Great value in Paris I have just returned from a trip to Europe that was both last minute and for both business and pleasure. As it was booked last minute, and it has been a while since I leisure-traveled in Paris and London (and, thus, chose my own accommodations), I decided to give the TripAdvisor community a test with my money by selecting, based on the reviews and comments here, my hotel in both of these places. My review of The Parkcity in London appears elsewhere.The Hotel Elysees Regencia Paris lived up to, and actually exceeded, my expectations. The staff was extremely communicative, from confirming my reservation to setting up transfer to and from the airport; providing me with restaurant reccomendations; assistance with booking reservations; as well as subway directions to nightclubs, attractions, and said restaurants. I found all of the staff to be quite friendly and patient with my merely okay French. All of their communication was in English, and though I apologized for my poor French, it was unnecessary. They were all pleasant, informed, and able to answer questions and assist me with any issue that came up during my stay. Fortunately, no issue did arise.I was placed in a spacious, air-conditioned, Fuschia room with views of the front of the property. Although facing the street, it was quiet at night and sleeping was not a problem. The room was well-kept, turndown service provided, and contained all of the creature comforts (nice toiletries, large soaking tub, mini bar, small flat screen television, and - very important- good task lighting!) I needed. I thought the shower head was too low and ill-placed (I'm 6'2), but otherwise the bathroom was great. I also never heard any noises or sounds from other rooms, and the property was fully committed my entire four days there.I did not have the breakfast (it's not included), but may do so when I return. I also did not try their massage services. They have wifi capabilities in the lobby, and a computer for checking email and web browsing. There are also several comfortable sitting areas (non smoking) and a bar for coffee and drinks that I found most pleasant.Overall, the property is a real value - close to several top attractions, and a short walk from the subway. The one thing that was, I don't know, troublesome, was that the place was probably 80+% filled with English speaking travelers. This shouldn't be a problem for me, but it did take away from the feeling I have when traveling abroad and hearing the language and soaking up the flavor of the country I'm visiting. I also felt like we were all sheep following the great tripadvsor reviews. And I guess we all were. I highly recommend this property for both business and pleasure travelers and will return again soon. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1484,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1480}]}