{"text":"DISAPPOINTED From the reviews that I read and the descriptions that I saw on the internet of this hotel, I was really impressed and expecting a good 3 star hotel. This is not what I got.We arrived to the hotel on a Saturday morning around 10.30am. The reception was full of people having breakfast !!!!! The foyer of the hotel is made up of the reception area and a bar where breakfast is served. There is no separate breakfast room and the space is very limited.I had requested a double room with a double bed. Our room contained 2 single beds pushed together and also 2 separate blankets. I had to ask for the pillow case covers to be changed as they were full of hair. The sheets, even though they were washed, were stained quite badly and some of the bed covers contained holes from cigaratte burns. There was no toilet paper in the bathroom, the shower was very old and uncomfortable and the carpet looked as if it had not been vacuumed properly in years.The walls were dirty.The staff were helpful and assisted us when needed. The buffet breakfast was very good with a large choice of quality food and drinks. The hotel does not have a baggage room so if you need the hotel to mind your luggage for you, for example on your departure day, after checking out, the bags will be left in a corner in the reception with no bag tags, no supervision. We left our bags but I didn't feel at ease at all. The hotel is located in the Red light district so not very suitable for those who are looking for a quiet holiday. It is however a perfect location for those seeking a good nightlife, a good choice of restaurants and bars etc. It is located just 5 minutes walk from the train station and has a great choice of shops etc. This is a very central location. Despite being in the red light district, I found no danger at all in the area. Museums, Vondel Park etc are all located on the opposite side of Amsterdam. This side of the city is more elegant, cleaner, quieter with nicer hotels but further away from all the animation. I would not recommend this area for people in search of good nightlife.In my opinion, this hotel is not a good 3 star hotel. I would class it as a 2 star hotel. ","annotations":[]}