{"text":"Handy location but kind of dodgy The hotel Derby has its positives. The bed was nice and firm, the location to the station and town was great. The double room was reasonably spacious. The bathroom was small but clean. The roof garden looked like it would be a nice spot in summer time. umm....what else....? the breakfast was ok - not great, but ok. The problems? The twin room was a single room with two beds crammed into it. The cramming meant that there was only a tiny corridor in which to move, and nowhere to put suitcases or selves. If you look at the photos of the rooms on their website, the 5th photo is a single room. If you remove the desk and put a single bed in its place, then stick a wardrobe between the end of the bed and the window then you get a perfect image of our room. The lights throughout the hotel (including the bedroom) were overdim, but I suspect that might have been to try and hide a rather poor attempt at artistic paintwork. The staff were reasonably friendly, however the advertised valet parking is actually a sort of handshake deal between the hotel management and a local garage. When I turned up, the price was 28 euro instead of the expected 20-25. I decided to go park on the street somewhere and discovered that in fact, because of the public holiday and Sunday, to park on the street was free, making the 28 euro even more of a ripoff. We tried to use the internet point on the first night and were told that it wasn't possible, as they had run out of log in cards. The next evening, as we returned to the hotel we mentioned we would want to use the internet. But when we came back they told us again that they had no cards, and that we would have to wait for another day; we were pretty unimpressed that they didn't tell us this when we first mentioned our wish to use it. Luckily there was an internet cafe nearby. The other minus is that the walls are very thin and without earplugs you might get to know your neighbours better than you would like. Would I stay there again? Maybe... as a cheap night in a useful location. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":264,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":260}]}