{"text":"Good Location, Value, Helpful Staff, Problem with Breakfast We stayed at The Menzies, Sydney 5th-7th December. Greeted on arrival by a very helpful concierge who took our bags before we even got indoors. We were allowed access to room an hour early, helped with sightseeing recommendations, map and more. All staff were friendly and genuinely helpful. Room was clean, value for money (standard room), lookout onto small park was nice, a little noise being beside a busy bus and train station and sirens at night but not enough to annoy. Should have remembered to ask for a room away from lift though, as recommended on here, as people can be very noisey when returning to rooms at 3am.Easy walking distance to shopping district (hotel is in business\/financial sector), walk to The Rocks area, Ferry\/Circular Quay, walk to Darling Harbour.We did not eat at hotel Friday night but visited the Sports Bar (open to public) on our return at 10pm which had a karaoke evening running. Saturday, breakfast was good, plenty of food. On returning to late Saturday night we asked for dinner at 10pm and although restaurant was about to close we were able to eat. The food was really good, prices high though ($35 main) with need to buy veg\/salad seperately and small meals. We needed desert which made for a large dinner cost (would have been way too high without Accor Card). Big thanks to our dinner hostess (Joey) who was very friendly and helpful. Staff did not know this was a special meal (anniversary) yet we receieved wonderful service, just a little rushed but it was rather late at night.Sadly a serious problem at breakfast Sunday morning. First bite of food (poached egg with spinach) my husband bit onto something hard which was a piece of broken glass. He was shocked and scared as this could have been very serious had he swolled it or bit harder, cutting mouth or breaking a tooth etc. I approached the Host and he called out the Chef (I think) but no action was taken. The remaining similar food items were not removed from the serving table. On our checkout (queues as it was 10am but fast moving and an easy process) we complained again and asked for breakfast not to charged to our account as we had not eaten as we were both shaken by the experience. The young lady on reception accepted this well. Our bags were stored without extra charge for a few hours so we could sightsee until leaving.On return home I emailed the hotel as I felt the broken glass in egg was a serious lapse and not adequately dealt with as remaining food was not removed. I had to email a second time four days later before I received a reply which basically agreed with my statements. There was no apology. I really hope that staff were spoken to about this as we feel we were very lucky that my husband was not injured. We were flying back to N.Z that night. In all other ways we loved our stay. The Menzies is an older hotel, clean and good value. Their biggest asset is extremely dedicated staff (except perhaps in the breakfast kitchen). We plan to stay again next year but feel a little undecided and we would not eat at the breakfast restaurant again. These mistakes happen rarely but must be dealt with correctly if they do. ","annotations":[]}