{"text":"Beautiful Beach My friend and I spent a week at the RIU Taino from Nov 29-Dec 6. It was our first time to the DR and we enjoyed it. I am by no means an expert on resorts but I have stayed at all inclusives in Puerto Vallarta and Cabo but this was my first experience outside Mexico. The registering was a breeze as well as the transport from the airport (40 min.) The resort consists of rooms in 2 story bungalows scattered amongst beautifully maintained gardens. The room itself was basic. This time instead of having 2 double beds we had 2 twin beds. The beds were hard (of course) and the linens could have been updated. The A\/C worked well and the room included a minibar and a liquor dispenser with bottles of rum, vodka, gin and brandy.. The minibar had a few beers and pop (mix). Unfortunately they are refilled every 2 days (twice during our stay) which isn't often enough but satisfactory. When you stay at the Taino you also have access to 2 other adjacent RIU properties. We never ventured off to explore the others as we found the bars and restaurants more than adequate at the Taino. There are 2 pools and each one had a bar access and a snack bar. The main pool had a swim up bar. There is no service on the pool decks so the bar service is self serve. The pools are beside the beach. The beach is awesome..beautiful white sand and turquoise water. There is a reef off shore that the waves break over. Awesome!!! The first few days were very windy so we spent our days sunning at the pool, the last few days the wind died right down creating a hot pool deck so we sat at the beach where the breeze was welcome and cooling. The activity staff poolside always had games and activities going on and always had a smile. They were awesome.  The food was typical of most buffets at resorts with great breakfasts and average lunches and dinners. The bars where I am an expert (I'm a bartender) were well equipped with a bigger selection than what I had seen previously. The bar staff were friendly and I made quick friends with a few of them. Augusto and Edwin at the Cocos Bar and Luis Miguel at La Bamba. Very few of the staff speak English but it gave me a chance to work on my Spanish. I thought I did quite well (Pat on back) It really isn't necessary for them to speak English as 90% of the clientele are European and seem to be able to speak Spanish. Augusto gave me a couple of CD's to take home. The biggest difference for me was the amount of Europeans compared to Mexico. I found it difficult to start up any conversations while sitting at the bar which is usually my specialty!! Of course that is not the fault of the resort, just a demographic.Due to the location of the resort (NE corner of the DR) there are no sunsets so I highly recommend getting up early and seeing the sunrise. Well worth it.I'd definitely go back to Punta Cana and the RIU resorts ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1336,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1331}]}