{"text":"My two days at the San Juan Beach Hotel After 5 days in San Juan and driving around the entire countryside in a rental car I decided to call Hotels.com from La Pargera and try to save some cash as all the hotels in San Juan are overpriced and most of the desk employees rude and obnoxious with a take it or leave it attitude. The room was at least 30 dollars cheaper than the lowest priceI I had so far encountered so was surely worth roughing it a bit. It is an older hotel in some disrepair but as the new, energetic American manager told me they are now preparing for a major renovation. The room was enormous and spotlessly clean. The only thing threadworn was the carpet and some plaster around the EXCELLENT air conditioner but I can live with that. There was a new iron and ironing board and a new hair dryer in the bathroom. They have many channels on the nice television. My sheets and the two large beds for ONE person were clean. They also gave me no hassle whatsoever about having several friends up to visit in my room. Most hotels in San Juan will allow no one to go up to you room and look at you like you are trying to do something immoral. The pool is open 24 hours! I have never seen that offered in my life not even at the Acapulco Princess or the swankiest resorts. That business of not being allowed to swim after 7 or 8 PM is stuoid and for the birds. Near the medium sized CLEAN pool is an access to the beach. The Atlantic ocean around Condado is great for tanning but not a good beach for swimming. It is rough water and quite rocky. There is a high speed computer in the hallway with free intenet for the guests and it was upgraded the day I arrived with a new optical keyboard and mouse. Internet is almost IMPOSSIBLE to find in Puerto Rico. I could not imagine that! Their sarcastic reply all over the island is that everyone has internet and there is no need for internet cafes. Well most of the populace looks like they don't even have shoes let alone a computer with internet access! The only other I found was a very friendly,nice internet cafe that charges 7 dollars and hour in front of the Marriot about 8 blocks up the avenue and open till 11 PM and a somewhat shabby place in front of the cruise ship terminal that has limited hours opening at 2 PM till 6 PM. I found NO internet on the rest of the island and I searched everywhere. There is free ice and a snack vending room plus a restaurant and full bar. The food looked delicious even though I did not actually have a meal there. Most important to me was the friendliness of the young ladies and gents at the desk and the manager who would do anything to please. All the other places I visited on practically the entire island they were primarily obnoxious and could care less if you stayed with them or not and the rooms are outrageous in price everywhere. If you don't mind a place that has seen better days but appears to soon be on the upswing I do suggest this place. Just to have friendly people welcome you and help you with cabs and sightseeing is worth the price alone. Abouth three blocks from this hotel is Charlies Auto Rental which is EXCELLENT. Ask for Johnny, He gives excellent advice and directions. The autos are very reasonably priced with full insurance. Too many snobs in the hotels in Puerto Rico!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":868,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":864}]}