{"text":"Loved it!!! My husband and I were at the RIU Taino from December 30th 2006- January 6th 2007. We had an amazing time! I had read about the gardens being so lovely but I hadn't imagined how great they really were. We got to celebrate New Year's there and so they had closed all the A la Carte Restaurants and served lobsters among other great things in the main buffet area. There was a countdown party and so it was very exciting. Overall I thought the food was great. We had acces to 2 other RIU hotels so there was always so many options as to where we could eat every meal. The breakfast was repetitive but honestly there isn't all that much you can make for breakfast. Everything we wanted was there. the A la Carte restaurants weren't as good as other places we've been to but they weren't bad. I thought it was a little funny that the salad\/soup and dessert selections were still done buffet-style. We had room 1223 and it was very lovely. I liked having those little villas instead of a huge hotel for everyone. It made it more intimate and romantic.The beach was very nice and the only downfall was that the weather wasn't the best. It rained on and off on many days and it was pretty windy most of the time. We still made the best out of it and had a blast. The hotel staff were always so friendly and welcoming. They even let us keep our room for an extra 3 hours because I am pregnant. We went on the Santo Domingo tour and thought it was worth every penny. It was a little long.. leaving at 6am and arriving at 9 p.m but it really gave us an idea of the dominican culture. Overall excellent... I don't see how anyone could complain... We've been to several other places including Europe and frankly this is a great hotel! The animation team was excellent. I've never seen such great quality animation aside from cruise ships. BEWARE: DON'T EAT AT THE WENDY'S AT PUNTA CANA AIRPORT. MY HUSBAND AND I WERE SICK EXACTLY 2 HOURs AFTER EATING THERE AND WE ARE STILL DEALING WITH THE CONSEQUENCES ALMOST A WEEK LATER!!!!! NOT FUN! ","annotations":[]}