{"text":"Not my choice My wife and I got booked into this hotel when our flight was delayed by 24 hours due to a technical problem. The hotel is pretty basic and not one that I would use if I had a choice.The good points are:- It's conveniently located for the airport with a free shuttle bus service.- It's clean.- You get a room with a bed.- The shower is good.The bad points are:- Not really convenient if you want a late night out in Amsterdam as the shuttle bus from airport stops running at about 1am. So only way to get back then is by taxi either all the way from town or from the airport. Both options are pretty expensive.- The room is very small and with only the minimum of furniture.- The beds are very narrow and keeps on moving around as they are on wheels.- The breakfast buffet is just about bearable.- The bathroom is very basic, and they only give you a tiny piece of soap and a miniscule amount of shampoo. Nothing else is provided. The towels are also very small.- There is no internet in the rooms, and also no free Wi-Fi in the lobby.- The hotel is huge and there may be a long walk from the reception to your room.We were in a double room that had two single beds pushed together. The room floor surface is laminate, and the beds that are on wheels moves around as a result of the slightest knock or even when you are simply shifting position in the bed. When I moved over to give my wife a cuddle the two beds instantly moved apart and had me crashing to the floor. This is not exactly convenient or comfortable, and definitely totally unromantic.The breakfast buffet was very basic. OK, I got what I needed to set me me up for the rest of the day but it wasn't an experience I enjoyed very much.In the reception area there are coin operated internet terminals. When I switched on my laptop it located several Wi-Fi networks, one which was called something along the lines of Free Wi-Fi Network. But the signal was very weak and I wasn't able to connect to it. The only network with a strong signal was the T-mobile Wi-Fi network. ","annotations":[]}