{"text":"As Advertised Just returned from Excellence (Feb 18-25) and it comes pretty much as advertised. We read many of the reviews and they were very helpful. Beautiful resort, service is spectacular as noted by most everyone, rooms very nice, beach great, very breezy but without the breeze it would be really hot. Had read that the wait times for the restaurants could be lengthy, we did not find that. We ate early (no later than 7pm) and never had to wait for a table. Some of the spots fill up a little later, but if you go early you will not have a problem. Food is quite good for the most part, some of the meat is a little chewey. Breakfast and lunch buffets very good. We did as some others had recommended and took a pile of small bills for tipping and it was much appreciated. Ride from airport is as advertised, about an hour and lots of potholes on the road, but really not that bad. There were no bugs when we were there. A great resort for sitting by the pool or on the beach and just relaxing\/reading. Can walk forever on the beach, either direction, and calmer waters to be found not to far from the resort, pretty rough out front of the resort. If you are not one to sit and relax, probably not the best place for you. Not too many excersions offered, the city trip to Santa Dimingo is a 3 hour ride each way, for obvious reasons we did not go. Did do one excersion, the snorkel trip, think it was called Mariniama. Its the recommended one where you swim with sharks and stingwrays. I have snorkeled many places, this one is not that good. You are in a fenced in area, picture about 30 people splashing around on the surface and the sharks and stingwrays below scrambling to stay away from all the noise. On the plus side, the ride along the coast is beautiful and the drinks just keep on coming.My comment on the availability of lounge chairs around the pool and beach, providing you stake out your spot by 8am, certainly not later than 9am, you should be fine. Beach towels are put out about 8am, and they go fast, as do the best spots. We spent most of our time on the beach under one of the huts for shade, over near the vendor village. Fun to watch the vendors reaching out to anyone that comes anywhere near their stores, they go down to the waters edge to meet up with every passerby, and deliver the big sales pitch. We ventured into their stores on our last day for a few souveniors. One word of advise, get to know the value of things, shop around, they will try to fleece you. They don't like to give you a price on any single item, they encourage you to collect everything you want and then give you a package deal, and the starting price will be absurd. Negotiate, negotiate, if you start to walk away, the price comes down real fast.In summary, a very nice relaxing vacation, but I think my next holiday will have to include more off site opportunities. There really isn't much to see off the resort, but I think that pretty much applies to Punta Cana in general. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2781,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2777},{"endOffset":2781,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2777}]}