{"text":"Think Twice I read the reviews and thought that maybe my experience would be different. NOPE! I was there the last week of august 2008 and booked my stay through Apple Vacations. Just you can't check in until 3pm and when you do there is a line of people. Mind you the lobby has open walls and it was really hot, we had been waiting since 12pm in the lobby. Luckly our room was ready on time unlike other people that were in front of us. The beach was dirty: plastic cups and straws, seaweed, cigarette butts, and worst of all sand fleas. (I have pictures to prove it) Our room was clean and the air conditioner worked. The faucet in the shower did not, we didn't have hot\/warm water until the day before we left. The food tasted good, we mostly stuck with the main buffet, when we tried the other restaurant we got sick. If you don't speak spanish you will have some problems. The bartenders and staff don't speak very much english. While relaxing on the beach you will be bothered by vendors and ladies trying to braid your hair. If you plan on getting braids don't pay more than $40 USD. There are 2 different shopping areas along the beach, when you step on the beach and walk down by the water go left and they will be just past the roped off area. The other one is to the right, you will have to walk about 6-7 minutes and when you see the sign El Pirates turn and walk into the building. Remeber you have to bargan with everything and then will try to get you to spend 50-80 percent more than you should. The Minimarket that is at the resort is in euros so the water proof camera that I bought cost me $24 USD, and that same camera is missing. It was in the room one day and when we left it was no where to be found. I told our Apple Rep. when we were leaving since that is when I noticed it was missing and he replied in a smug tone, And you tell me know?!? so I said, Yes, because I just noticed it was missing! I still have not heard from the hotel if they found it yet and most likely will not. The other thing - men do not walk alone on the beach at night there are hookers that try to get $150-200 USD out of you. We are not the only couple that had that issue, after talking to some other people they had the same problem. If you have any questions, just ask! ","annotations":[]}