{"text":"Awful Experience. Don't Waste your Money I stayed at the Oaks Maestri Towers for 4 nights and I really regretted it :( First of all the parking was a nightmare. We drove around for ages to find a 'Guest Park' as Oaks Maestri Towers are also residential apartments. Therefore all the parking spots were reserved for tenants. Parking was very expensive too.The next painful thing was trying to figure out which lift to take. This wasn't too bad as, at first we just wanted reception which is ground floor. It wasn't till after we checked in and trying to find our room, that it became a major mission!! We headed to Level 5, but we couldn't find our room?! We weren't told at check-in that our room was accessed through Lift 4. We just want to the main lift! There were like 6 different lifts. It was just so confusing!!After that we opened up the sofa bed for my brother to find that there was hair all over the sheets! Gross. We called Housekeeping to change it and to also give us extra towels as everything was for 2 people as we had booked for 3 people.One of the nights there, this weird beeping sound was going off. We checked the air-conditioning, heater the phone and finally called reception to ask someone to check it out. They said that it was the Fire Alarm and the battery was nearly flat. But what got me was he said that he would get someone to fix it now or leave it for the morning?? Iam sorry, but these things need to be sorted out straight away. Especially if my brother was sleeping in the living room on the sofa bed. How can he sleep with a beeping noise? Just ridiculous.I found the staff to be quite rude. On the day of check-out we were just walking out the door when i heard the phone ring. Went back to answer it and it was reception asking me 'When are you leaving cause we need the room?' I told her that i was on my way out. I looked at my watch and it was 10:05am. Check-out was 10am. Unbelievable.Also left behind some clothing too. Which is my own mistake. But i called the hotel back that night and asked them if they had found my belongings. They said nothing was reported or found. I know that it was my own fault, but dishonesty just makes me so mad. They said they would look into it for me, but I have not recieved any feedback whatsoever. ","annotations":[]}