{"text":"fairly good hotel I agree with the previous report - the hotel is very much ok, the staff could be a little bit more helpful. We booked a standard double for three nights based mostly on reviews on TA. The room was quite small, but very clean - room and bathroom. We had the chance of having on of the only (i think, i'm not sure) rooms with a terrace. Unfortunately it rained for the most of our stay so we didn't take advantage of it. We had no noise problems whatsoever.The parking offered by the hotel (Parking Parterre) is at 5 min walk from the hotel and the price is 10euros\/day, very convenient i would say. The staff gave us a very accurate map on how to get to the parking, but beware, the Liberty Place has a tricky traffic and we managed lose our way once.The hotel itself is approximately 15 min walk from the city center.The staff of the hotel was good on average, but with some minuses - we asked for some directions on a destination outside town, we were provided with a very abstract map that wasn't to much of a help; that was ok, we managed. The real problem came at the end of our journey, when we checked out and asked for directions towards a certain parking in the center of Florence where we counted to spend our afternoon. They told us that that day was a no-driving day in Florence, and that we were'nt legally allowed to drive anywhere in town. When i asked how was i supposed to know that, the guy told me it was in the papers....finally he advised us to drive (illegally) and play dumb if stopped by police. We also asked a taxi driver that confirmed the interdiction. After a good thought, we asked a friend who speaks italian to go on the internet and check the actual law, and it was our luck we did. Apparently the law permitted tourists going to or from their hotel to use the car in Florence on that day. Therefore we just got out of the city and on to the highway with no other tourism for the day. I would have thought that a 4* hotel could at least advise its clients (at least those that used their parking and were supposed to check out on that particular day) on a law that concerned them. The breakfast was average to say the least, and what was even more annoying was that at 10.31 a.m. when the breakfast serving time was over (at 10.30), the servers started making an awful amount of noise with the cuttlery and the plates, just to make sure you understood you have to leave.All in all i guess it was a good deal for the price, and i'm hoping that they can make some improvements on the customer service side. ","annotations":[]}