{"text":"honeymoon paradise myself and my new wife have just returned from paradise !The resort is 1st class all the way through . When we arrived we were shown straight to our room, with lovely garden views and you could see the sea in the distance room 3215, the bed was really lovely and big,the bathroom had everything you needed,i must say that it had the best power shower i have ever had. Your room was cleaned everyday. you were left 2 glass bottles of water in your room,if you wanted more you then had to buy some,you had the choice of the mini bar drinks and snacks. There were several resturants to choose from with just the best views of the gardens\/pool or beach which is handy if you didnt fancy a 10 min walk to the bali collection just down the road,which offers you every single food going,we usualy had a starter main and bottle wine and few beers and sometimes a sweet and it comes to about 拢25\/30 where in the hotel it was costing 拢45 depending where u ate.The only thing that was alittle pricey was the drink in the hotel,while we waited for the free shuttle bus we has a beer and a spirit which comes to 拢8. we went on 2 trips with the transfer people that picked us up from the airport, we visited the areas on the way up to seeing the volcano,wood making,painting,see how the jewlery was made and others,at each of these you felt that you had to buy something as they followed you around saying best prices for you etc. the other trip was horse riding along the beach which was 1hr dive,you were there for about 2 hours,then we drove a further1hr to get to the elephant ride,it was busy and what we didnt realise that you were fed there too,so we had a meal first looking over the beautiful forest scenery,we had a 30min walk on our elephant,you could also pay for an hour,you are asked if you would like your pic taken,in the pool or with the trees only costing拢5. Both trips cost us 拢150 which we thought was not bad. As for the sun beds, if you were up early or before about 9 you were ok, you have the usual people that set there alarms,but normaly you were ok,we always got our towels and beds then went down to breakfast, Which is really good,lots too choose from hot and cold. What can we say other than, enjoy your stay, its just lovely...... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":822,"mention":"starter","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pre-ferment"],"startOffset":815}]}