{"text":"Great Hotel, Stellar Service! We stayed at Kabuki last month for my birthday weekend in S.F. It was our second stay there, and will probably not be our last. We found it the first time 2 years ago (then Miyako) because of it's low rate and relative closeness to the things we like but far enough away from the tourist traps that we like to visit but don't want to be stuck in. The rates were a little higher this time around (still cheaper than many comparable hotels we found) but then I got an email that said buy 2 nights get a 3rd free, we figured what the heck and made a long weekend out of it.We love staying in Japantown, it's so much quieter than Union Square yet it's still close enough to take a 5 minute cab ride, or 30 minute walk. The rooms are fantastic, great views from almost any room. Sunken soaking tubs, newer tv's, and free internet! There's plenty of restaurants to choose from nearby--and in the hotel, though we didn't try it the breakfast sounded amazing, we were just on a tight budget and it wasn't the cheapest you could find--and great shopping in the Miyako mall.BUT, the best part was the service. The front desk crew was very nice and the doormen would always greet you with a smile. And to top it off, I left a personalized frame I brought with me that my sister gave me, we were in town for a show and the frame held a picture of us with this comedian we were there to see and was personalized with a quote from him so I wanted him to sign it. I left it behind with my ticket stub and remembered it hours after we left. I called and they found it right away and proceeded to FedEx it to me. And they were all so helpful every step of the way, I called more than once. They even carefully wrapped each part of my frame in bubble wrap--it's two separate pieces of glass that sit in a personalized silver frame, all very fragile--and then wrapped it up tightly in a towel. I was very pleased that they took such good care of something that was obviously important to me and couldn't be replaced. I've experienced similar situations at other hotels that didn't even bother to look for my items--albeit much less important items but still.And did I mention the Garden!!! It's truly a beautiful hotel, if you're looking for something off the beaten path and enjoy Japanese food and culture than I would highly recommend Kabuki. ","annotations":[]}