{"text":"Absolutely fantastic I visited this resort with my boyfriend from the 10\/07\/07 until247\/07. I am 18 and my boyfriend is 21. We were a little apprehensive about visiting an all inclusive resort like this for our first holiday away together as we thought we would get bored. We were very pleasantly surprised.Check in: Our check in was very quick and easy we had no problems, staff were very friendly and our bags were taken straight away to our room. We were also given a glass of fruit punch on our arrival which was a very nice touch.Rooms: Our room was very spacious with a huge king size bed. On our first night we did not realise how to turn on the fan and the air con so we were very uncomfortable. This was throough no fault of the hotel. The next day the maid had turned on our air con for us which was good. We were in the 3000 building which i think is the best one to be in. It is situated very close to 2 pools, many bars, the beach, and 2 restaurants. The other facilities in the room were fantastic with the jacuzzi bath and very large mirrors which are perfect for getting ready.Room Service: Our rooms were cleaned almost every day, although it was at different times so sometimes we came back to find the maid cleaning our room. We left a dollar tip every day for the maid and we always had clean towels and sheets. Our mini bar was also refilled every couple of days.Pools: Near our room there were 2 pools very close by, both with swim up bars and lots and lots of sun loungers. You will notice that one pool is quieter than the other so it is your personal preference.Beach: Absolutely amazing. I couldn't believe it it was just beautiful the beach becomes quieter as you move more to the right of the beach. Don't worry about getting up early to guarantee getting a sun lounger as there are plenty for everyone. The sea is gorgeous and warm. We spent most of our days there.Staff: We found all the staff to be veryy helpful and friendly, our room keycard stopped working one day, when we took it to reception we got a new one straight away. Bugs: We used insect repelent before we went out every night, my boyfriend did not get bitten at all and i only got bitten a few times.We had 1 cockroach in our room throughout our 2 week stay so this was not a problem.Restaurants: The buffet restaurant that we were close to was grat and there was so much to choose from. You should note however that the resort gets extremely busy on the weekends and so you would need to go down at half 7 as soon as it opens to get a place.We ate at 3 of the a la carte resaurants; the italian, the mexican (3 times) and the sea food restaurant. The mexican was our favourite it had great food and was just a short train ride away.Other info: We only went on 1 trip which was fantastic. It was the outback safari and i would recomend it to everyone. I would recomend the half day version for families with younger children as the full day is veryt long. It is great to learn about the history and culture of the Dominican Republic.From the reviews i read, it said that staff don't speak English and don't even try. This is untrue, many speak some english, enough for them to understand you and if they don't, they will find someone to help who does.All in all we had a brilliant holiday and enjoyed every minute i think this resort is perfect for couples who want to spend some quality time with eachother. We are already planning our holiday for next year and are definately going to stay in a fiesta hotel again. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":528,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":524}]}