{"text":"Great place to stay on Waikiki beach I just got back from a trip to America which included a 9 night stay in Waikiki. I highly recommend staying in the Outrigger on the Beach for anyone planning a stay on Waikiki beach. When we arrived, myself and my boyfriend were given a room on the cheesecake factory side of the hotel. We had read the reviews on this site before leaving and asked to move to the other side of the hotel. However, we were told by reception that we were high enough up to be away from any noise. However, when we got to the room and opened the balcony door, the noise of the fans was so loud. My boyfriend called reception and asked to be moved, they told us they'd move us the next day. Right enough, next day we were able to leave our cases in the room and head out for the morning and when we got back we (and our cases) had been moved to the other side of the hotel and had been given an upgraded room. The room and bathroom were large and spotlessly clean and came well equipped with iron, safe, hair dryer, fridge (not mini bar) and a big comfy bed!The staff were all really friendly and in the lower lobby the information desk would hand out small maps and direct you to almost anywhere.The pool was small but to be honest I didn't step near it because the beach is literally five steps from the back of the hotel. We got quite a warm spell for October and the beach was very busy most days so if you're looking for long uninhabited beaches then Waikiki is not the place for you. Best tip is get up early and rent a sun lounger and parasol.There are a few restaurants in the hotel itself however I only went to Dukes. The food there was good and reasonably inexpensive. You can either eat in the restaurant or in the bar area which has more of a snack menu.A previous poster mentioned ''only one drink per person'' this may come across as slightly misleading. The bar people would only let you have one drink at a time. If you wanted a drink then you had to be at the bar or at the table when the waiter\/ess was taking the order and your own glass had to be half empty. I didn't see this as a huge problem and in some ways found it reassuring as it meant there was some control over alcohol consumption! One tip would be to bring ID at all times. My boyfriend and I are both in our mid - late twenties and were ID'edfor alcohol and cigarettes the whole time and this appeared to be the norm for anyone under 40. On our last day, the earthquake hit and the whole of waikiki lost power for nearly 12 hours. I must say, the hotel staff really handled it well. We got breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets on the house and the staff remained upbeat and helpful during such a rare occurance. One last tip - rent a car and take a drive to the north shore for a day! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":296,"mention":"cheesecake","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cheesecake"],"startOffset":286}]}