{"text":"Returning... I stayed here August 2005 and loved it so this time, returning to NYC with a friend, I booked us at the QT June 8th to 14th. Our trip started out quite badly with the radar at the Stockholm Airport failing with several hours of delays to all flights. In the end, we were flown to Iceland only to find that our connecting flight had left. The Hotel has a 24 hour policy, i.e. all changes to the reservation has to be made 24 hours in advance so I figured I would be paying for a night I didn't use. I called the hotel, explained that we were stranded in Iceland and would be arriving 24 hours later and would it be at all possible to change the arrival date?. The very nice and attentive lady I spoke to (after she had returned my call to me in Iceland since I failed to reach her five minutes previously) observed that things like these happen and told me our reservation was changed as of that moment. This was approx three hours before our estimated late evening check-in time... We arrived to find that the improvements they were making to the hotel design and structure last year were indeed improvements. Everything was as good as last time or possibly better (barbells in the gym for example). This time around I ended up in a room on the eight floor with my friend three doors down the hall. Both our rooms were a bit smaller than the one I had the last time (on the 15th floor) and more elongated. The bathroom\/bed solutions worked fine this way too though and while I prefered the more square room I had last time, this worked out excellent. The staff was very attentive and forthcoming. This included the front desk, the cleaning staff, security, breakfast lounge and bar, all of which we had reason to interact with and all of which displayed a high degree of flexibility and service-mindedness. Besides the interior design that I really enjoy and the setup regarding room-layout, breakfast lounge and the pool-area\/bar, not to mention the location, the staff really makes this hotel worthwhile. This is my hotel in NYC. I will be returning yet again. ","annotations":[]}