{"text":"Absolutely wonderful hotel I just got back from two full weeks at the Degli Orafi in Florence. I picked the hotel from reviews on Trip Advisor and elsewhere. A central location and modern conveniences were most important to me. Most important of all was a room with a view, and I got a room with a view of the Arno and the Ponte Vecchio--just steps away.This hotel is so centrally located that we walked everywhere, even tho I am not much of a walker. This is really important in a densely packed city like Florence. It's not a city for cars or much public transportation. We were next door to the Uffizi and just blocks from every major sight.Because Florence is so crowded, it was a blessed relief to enter our cool, quiet hotel each day, even for a quick wash-up. The building is very historic but was completely re-done a few years ago. It felt new and clean and so had the best of both worlds.There is a fantastic roof-top bar with indoor and outdoor sections--very spacious and full of comfortable chairs and tables. The views are amazing. On one side, you gaze at the Duomo and Palazzo Vecchio; on the other, the Arno and Ponte Vecchio. Light meals are available.The breakfast room has to be the most beautiful in Florence. You feel as if you are eating in one of the galleries at the Uffizi. Vaulted, frescoed ceilings and, at one end, the Arno view again. Service is impeccable with a wide variety of hot and cold choices. Spotless linens are changed quickly and unobtrusively between each set of guests.There is a business center with a computer you have to pay to use. They could definitely use another computer or two but the room is like a large, panelled library, with remains of historic frescoes visible.My room was all I dreamed of. Again, superb service and everything I asked for attended to immediately. Fresh, cool linens changed every day. A small fridge for my juice and other food. A TV with two English-language stations. Nice toiletries and a free paper of my choice each day.The lobby is Italian modern in design, with several comfortable seating areas. The desk was attentive. They were businesslike and professional. I did not notice any rudeness or conflict in the two full weeks I was there but they are not warm and chatty the way we Americans often are.One thing I liked was the mix of nationalities among the guests--American, English, French, German, Italian, etc. I enjoy that when I travel. I don't like big hotels full of tour groups or one nationality only.The Degli Orafi is a fantastic hotel and I strongly recommend it to anyone going to Florence. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1951,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1947}]}