{"text":"We don't want you to know how GREAT the Littre is... ... because we don't want this wonderful little Paris secret to become too well known.My wife and I stayed here for 8 days in the fall of '07 and had NO complaints whatsoever.A solid four stars.The rooms are large, well-appointed. The bathrooms are huge with strong hot shower and big deep tub.We paid a small upgrade for the second-tier of room qualities (there are some sort of suites available on the top floor which are the best rooms on the property I believe)... I would recommend this for the extra space and the separate Living Room.The only thing you should be warned about are the pictures of terraces and Eiffel Tower views- both of these are only features of the top floor suites. Every other room, as far as we could see, would look out on the tiny narrow Rue Littre, or a garden courtyard behind the hotel. (Big deal, you're in Paris, even the alleys look better than at home)Perfect Location. A three minute walk past all kinds of shops and patisseries and breakfast grabbage places to one of the best Metro stations in the city... several lines available, and you should be able to get most places in the city with No or One Transfer between Metro Lines. Be Warned... the station is a maze and you could easily spend twenty minutes trekking to your line or trying to find the best exit to the street.Everything awesome about the 6th (your neighbourhood, as all hoods are numbered in an outward spiral from the city centre) is within walking distance of this hotel.Included Breakfast was substantial and perfect for fuelling up for a long day walking the city.Staff were helpful, if a little Euro-distant, making good recommendations for restaurants, handling airport limo confirmations, even sending my wife to the right place for a billion-dollar haircut (COST a million, LOOKED like a billion). The bartender in the hotel lounge (closed at midnight) was friendly and equally helpful. Maid service was thorough and conscientious.IF YOU DO NOT SPEAK ANY FRENCH make sure you begin your conversations with the staff (and all Parisians, really) by politely asking if they speak English and if they would mind speaking with you in this language. I've seen reviews decrying the staff for rudeness, but by our observations while we were there, it is highly possible that people brought some cold or abrupt treatment on themselves by assuming that everyone they met was ready or able to speak in (North) American English. France is a courtesy culture and if you don't have any courtesy to give out, you ought not to be surprised if you don't receive any back.Internet access is available for a small charge in the lobby. Be prepared to use a french keyboard that is ALMOST but just frustratingly not quite the same as a QWERTY keyboard.A perfect, perfectly romantic place to make your homebase as you visit Paris. We will stay here again without a second thought. ","annotations":[]}