{"text":"It all depends on your expectations About us: Middle aged midwesterners, have travelled to Jamaica and Cancun, 1st time in Punta Cana. I took my fiancee here Feb 21st thru Feb 28th. We knew that this would not be perfect, but for a thousand bucks per person for seven nights it sounded OK., and it was.Don't set your expectations too high or you'll be disappointed. I think that's why you read so many negative reviews. I would probably not go back, I'd spend more money next time and go somewhere nicer, but we got what we paid for, and if this is all you can afford it's not a bad gig.So here's what I think...Getting there went smooth, as most Apple trips do. Check in also was fine. The room was a little disappointing at first, but we just reminded ourselves that we did this on the cheap, and we didn't come to spend time in the room. Our room was clean, but very outdated and blah, no color or wall hangings,. Who cares? The safe worked (extra 20.00), the locks worked, the a\/c worked (but it was noisy). Think of it as a 49.00 per night room at the Red Roof Inn, no frills. One minor annoyance was not getting clean towels every day, you sometimes had to ask for them. DON'T DRINK THE TAP WATER!The beach was beautiful, better than any we've seen anywhere. Every morning the grounds crew are out there raking up the seaweed, bagging it and hauling it away. It's fantastic. The ocean is great too. Watch out for the under current if it's wavy, it can pull you out to sea. I recommend staying out of the ocean if you can't swim as the bottom really drops off in some spots. Other than that the beach and ocean is perfect. The food is hit or miss, but mostly miss. They have 5 restaurants, but they aren't really much better than the buffets. If you have trouble getting a reservation to a certain restaurant give the hostess your room number and a 5 dollar tip and tell her to look for an opening for you. Tell her you'll stop back in an hour to check. She will find a cancellation that you can have. It worked for us. Don't bother eating at the Brazilian place, the food is horrible, especially the meats. This was the worst, the Japanese was the best. The buffets are pretty bad too. When you read about the food being terrible, believe it, that part is undeniable. The drinks also leave a lot to be desired. Most tropical drinks we ordered sucked. They somehow figured out a way to screw up a Pinacolada. They only use the cheapest rail booze. If you want call or high call liquor it costs you extra. They only have one beer, Presidente. If you're the type that thinks beer is beer, then you'll be ok. But if you like quality beer, you'll tire of these fast. There is no night life here, and no real entertainment. They had a band playing in the lobby bar one night, otherwise they had some guy playing a keyboard on a stage on the courtyard. We were back in our room before 11:00 every night. In fairness there is a disco, but we didn't go there. It would be nice if they had a couple more bars open until midnight with different bands. The stage shows sucked too. If you're from the USA, good luck trying to find new english speaking friends. We did run into a few Canadians, but most of the guests were European. Lots of Italians and even more french. We really felt like minorities there. No problems with anyone, just can't communicate with them. If you can't tolerate Europeans, don't go here. Maybe all of Punta Cana is like that? As far as security, they do have a lot on the beach, but not on the resort. We never felt like we needed it though. We never felt like we were in any danger, although I did keep an eye on my fiancee when she went to the bathroom, etc. but that's just me.Overall it's not as bad as some make it sound, but we've had much better, at a higher cost. We do not feel like it was a mistake, we had a blast. Your vacation is what you make it. If you're a spoiled snob go elsewhere. If you're budget is tight go here and enjoy all the positives it offers and do your best to ignore the negatives. ","annotations":[]}