{"text":"All the reviews are right - this is a GREAT hotel I just wanted to say that I can completely understand why this is rated the #4 hotel in New York.We stayed here for 4 nights in mid-November.Pros -Staff:friendly and helpfulLocation:Absolutely fantastic - literally 5 mins to Empire States and MacysA 24 Deli right next door with ATM and great sandwiches, a 24hr pharmacy across the road. Great diner across the road (cinema cafe), restaurants and pubs literally on your door step. Plenty of cabs around whizzing past, so easy to hail one. I know most first time visitors want to stay in Times Square area, but I cannot stress enough how much better it is to stay in another less hectic area. In New York, everything is a taxi ride away. Here you are midtown, but well located to go both uptown and downtown. Times Square is great for a visit, but having stayed there before, I can definitely say this is far better - less noise, less manic, Times Square still within easy walking distance, or a 2 minute cab ride.Rooms:HUGE rooms- and we had the smallest type. 2 big queen beds, loads of room for suitcases etc, a desk area, kitchenette, large bathroom, these rooms were big by normal hotel standards not to mind New York. After staying previously in teeny rooms in NY, this was a pleasant surprise.Noise Level:This is New York and it was SO QUIET! couldn't believe it. we were on the 20th floor and could barely hear sirens etc. It was fantastic!!!!!Cleanliness:Hotel bathroom and rooms were spotless - no bad candid photos here as there were none to take Elevators:Never had to wait for themPillow Menu:This is really fun - you can choose what type of pillow you want. We tried the sound pillow..you plug in your ipod and there are tiny speakers in the pillow so you can listen to music as you sleep!Gym\/Spa:We didn't use them but they're there for those who want themyou can also get massages etc in your room!Checking out:although we couldn't get a late check out as the hotel was full, they stored our luggage for the day, didn't mind when we took over the lobby packing and unpacking last minute shopping and then ordered a car for us to the airport. tip* get the hotel to order the car, we did and they sent a black stretch and we only had to pay $65 for it.Anyone considering staying here, feel free to contact me with questions. This really is a GREAT hotel, I will never stay anywhere else in New York. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":353,"mention":"sandwiches","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":343}]}