{"text":"Staff makes the Sofitel a good choice We stayed at the Sofitel Seminyak 11 Nights before Christmas 2007.Overall, it is a good choice if you're looking for a place where you can retreat and relax. The hotel has a great people factor, meaning they are very consistent in their efforts and outstandingly friendly and helpful.We stayed in a deluxe room, which was really nicely decorated with Balcony. Very comfortable beds (that's Sofitel for you). Gardens and Pools as well as the Beach are very good.When the Hotel is fully booked (especially over Christams) it can get crowded down at the beach and looking for a decent chair was not always straight forward. A lot of chairs didn't have an umbrella to get some shade which I really think the hotel should ensure as the sun gets pretty strong. A lot of cushions on the chairs were ripped which gave it a not so Sofitel-like look.There are 2 Restaurants on-site, a Japanese and an international cuisine restaurant (they say). Although here the frenchy touch was too strong for me getting offered every evening Fois Gras :-(. But whatever one then ordered, the quality of cooking was very good. So, Lunch at the restaurant was ok, but too expensive when you think of the price level in Bali. We had dinner twice at the Restaurant, but it was empty all the time and the piano player played such melancholic and sad music all the time, which brought clarity to why the restaurant was empty. Plus the fact that for the overall offering the restaurant was expensive.For that money we ate at the KUDETA, one of the most upscale restaurants in Seminyak. I truly recommend to have dinner at local restaurants such as the Warung (restaurant) Made (ask the receptionist for directions) which is locally very popular, cheap and very tasty! The KUDETA is nice as well as the Lucciola, but the prices are at their limits. The Spa is really only OK. Next door to the Hotel you can visit the Contiki Spa and get a lot better offerings for 3 times less the money. Here I really felt ripped off. Don't change money at the Hotel. Very bad exchange rates. there are several money changers in the village, compare their rates as they change daily. Also, there are several ATM Machines just next to the Warung Made.Overall, it's a good choice and a nice hotel. One can just feel that this hotel had several other brand names before it became a Sofitel. Knowing the Sofitel well, I always find they manage to get the details right. This was lacking with the Sofitel Seminyak, still we enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to friends. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2280,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2276}]}