{"text":"Strange, but enjoyable Stayed here fir 5 nights in June - All Inclusive.The hotel is generally in need of updating, especially in the rooms. We arrived and instantly thought, on no.The next day however we woke up and went down to the pool, which is quite pleasent and up to date. The staff were incredibly friendly, and only too happy to help, which is probably the best thing about the hotel.The food on the whole was very good. Most nights dinner was situated by the pool, with a very good band on Friday \/ Sunday. Lunch again by the pool, with a buffet. We did not try Chopsticks as it didn't look to appetising! Only one night did we take a look at the food and decide to go out. (They basically have a different theme of food each night)We attended breakfast once and skipped it after that. It wasn't nice at all, so as all incluive guests we just ordered snacks of the menu instead.All drinks and cocktails etc were included, which really makes the holiday cheap.Now, I say it was strange as the hotel was operating at 20%! I have never experienced anything like this. It was so quiet. We did not mind as we had the pool at our disposal, and didn't have to worry about people getting up and taking all the sun lounges. I felt so sorry for the staff though, who for 90% of the time were standing around waiting for someone to order something etc. The hotel also had quite a lot of Eastern European and Japanese, which wasn't a problem, although you are unlikely to make any friends if you only speak English ;-)On the whole I would say stay at this hotel for sure, I'd also recommend the all inclusive. You could always do all inc for a few nights and then room only for another couple.We then went on to stay at the 5* Laguna Nusa Dua, which is a completely different experience all together. I missed the all inclusive drinks for sure!NBThe roads and beach around here are what Bali is all about, and comments about infrastructure on previous reports are obsurd. If you want infrastructure then go to Tokyo \/ New York on your holidays. Bafoon!!! Bali is always about cheap , good food, sun, friendly people.One tip is to just be stern and say NO to people when approached to buy something (on the beach \/ on the road), or they may never leave you alone! Again, this is just part of their culture and should be respected. ","annotations":[]}