{"text":"Excellence was exactly that! My family and I stayed at the Excellence Punta Cana from December 22 to December 29 of this year. It was an amazing time had by all that attended. We arrived at the resort around 4 am because of a delay at the airport in Vancouver, but even at 4 am, the service of the bellhops and the front desk was up to par. Our bags were unloaded and immediately tagged and set to one side of the lobby while we were handed cold scented towels to cool off with. Check in was fairly expedient and we were in our rooms within twenty minutes. I had never been to an all inclusive resort before, and wasted no time enjoying the pleasures of the mini bar in the room, as well as the ample storage space for our things. Room service even at 4 am was great, the girl on the phone said it would be about 40 minutes for the food, which seemed a little long, but I think they only say that to cover there butts, because it took about 25 minutes at most. The activities during the day were well thought out, though, there was some delays and cancellations due to weather conditions (beach volleyball cancelled to due strong winds.) The entertainment staff was amazing and extremely friendly, a special thanks to all my friends, Ines (my fiance,) Altagracia (who lovingly reffered to me as Flaco Loco, which translates into Crazy Skinny Guy,) Eliza and Johanna (my disco dance partners,) Sexy Cesar (who taught me all the sexy dance moves I now know,) Julio Cesar (the MC for the games and parties.) The restaurants I can't offer too much help with, I didn't eat at all of them, but of the few I did eat at, I recommend Toscana for the huge buffet everyday, breakfast here is well prepared and quite delicious (although I don't recommend the scrambled eggs.) The omlettes are delicious and you HAVE to try one. For lunch, you have to check out the grill on the beach, different food everyday, always good, and makes the beach smell amazing. For dinner, I liked Spice ( asian cuisine,) Agave (mexican, but don't eat the calimari from here, very rubbery,) The pizza that is delivered to the pool and the beach is awesome, make sure you try that. The bars were awesome, you get accustomed to speaking the language when ordering drinks, instead of drinking your usual bacardi and coke, try the Brugal Extra Anejo, they call it the Dominican babymaker, and it's obvious why once you try it. The stuff tastes amazing and it does magic for someone trying to loosen up on the dance floor. The disco is great too, although sometimes a little empty, but still worth checking out. The worst part of my trip was the vendors, they don't let up, and I am a very well mannered person, which makes it hard to shut them down over and over again, make sure you don't tell them you like anything until you know you're going to buy it, otherwise you'll have to beat them off with a stick to get away. Try to make it to the theatre for the shows at 10pm every night, they are worth it. The ice breaker shows are fun too, it gets people into the swing of things. All in all, I would highly recommend this resort for anyone going on a honeymoon or a romantic time with the better half, there is not a very big single crowd, so parents beware taking your single sons and daughters to this resort if they're looking to party with other singles. Hope this helps you. Adios amigos and amigas. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2285,"mention":"coke","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola"],"startOffset":2281},{"endOffset":2285,"mention":"coke","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola"],"startOffset":2281}]}