{"text":"Best Hotel Ever We just returned yesterday from our trip to Punta Cana, DR. We stayed at Excellence Punta Cana. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. All the staff is extremely attentive to your needs. Wherever we were, someone always came by to ask if we were okay or needed something. They were not annoying or bothering you every few minutes. They actually paid attention and noticed if you needed a towel, a drink, or some information. Service was extremely high quality.Food: You have a wide selection of restaurants and the food is extremely high quality. I thought, since it was all-inclusive it would be decent. However, it was more than that. As for drinks, you have what ever you like. This includes domestic or not. The mini bar also had a wide selection of drinks. I wished there would have been some snacks, but this is not a major thing. Room service was great. Rooms: The rooms are spacious and cleaned every day. You get plenty of new towels. Three of us were staying in the room, so we asked for an extra robe and it came right away.The entertainment is okay. Some of the night shows were not to my taste, but there are plenty of other outdoor entertainments during the day. You could do horse back riding, play beach or pool volleyball, dance classes, water aerobics, and well so many more to list. The staffs responsible for this, especially Julio and Isael, were extremely courteous and always looking to make sure you were enjoying yourself. I am not sporty and one to try new things, but they really make you feel comfortable and you find not only enjoying yourself, but glad you joined in the fun. I am so glad they were there to make the vacation so much more than just tanning. I was a little worry about where to stay, but after reading some of the reviews from the hotel and decided it should be fine. I was not mistaken to trust the trip advisor reviews. This is also why I decided to write my review to make sure those who have doubts like me, are convinced to stay at this hotel. We walked over to a nearby hotel and noticed a huge difference from ours. It made us even happier we decided for this hotel instead.The beach is always clean. No one bothers you trying to sell you anything. The waves were a little rough for me, but I am not a swimmer. There are three pool areas and they were never over crowded. I highly recommmend this hotel if not only for the service, but beautiful place. ","annotations":[]}