{"text":"Romantic Paradise My husband and I are always looking for romantic getaway weekends because we both travel on business and sometimes can meet up in exotic places instead of going home for a weekend between business trips. We really need the RR but we are quite picky about our choices since we spend so much time in hotels. We found Villa Montana on the Internet looking for a Caribbean romantic vacation. The place looked so inviting we thought we absolutely had to try it and so we did. It was so fabulous that we had the most difficult time leaving and are already planning our visit back to Villa Montana as soon as we can!Puerto Rico can be crowded with night life and traffic but Villa Montana is on the west coast so it is far away from the hustle and bustle yet easy to get to. We drove from San Juan and it was no big deal but they do have an airport much closer that we'll try next time in Aguadilla. What did we love about Villa Montana? Well everything. It is exactly what their website said.long stretch of deserted beach, really cozy rooms, hammocks to hang out in, peace and quiet. This place was magical. We are both exercise nuts, so we went hiking, biking and snorkeling in between just reading a book in the hammock, which was right outside our villa near the beach. Heaven!And the food was amazing. Chef Jeremie - our new friend - is amazing. He has an organic garden right at the resort and the cooking is to die for. Fresh, tasty and a huge variety of dishes to choose from. We had a kitchen in our villa but never used it. Are you kidding?The two restaurants are great and very different. Eclipse is an open air restaurant right on the ocean. Romantic and beautiful. Dinners there can go on forever and one won't mind. The Restaurant O is inside, but very cool. You sit on big cushions and feel like you are in some exotic country.The owners here really have it down. The staff is nice and friendly but leave you alone. If you are looking for a fabulous romantic weekend or vacation, I'd highly recommend Villa Montana Beach Resort in Puerto Rico. ","annotations":[]}