{"text":"Perfect place in Sydney I am impressed. This was my first experience in boutique hotel, and I think this a great one to be used as reference for all others!We stayed there for 6 nights (myself, my wife and my sister), where we booked two rooms. We got a large room (Challis Room) downstairs next to the breakfast area, and my sister got a smaller room in the last floor.Service: Great personalized service! Vanessa, our host for most of the days, was great at welcoming us into the establishment as soon as we arrived, and catered to our requests whenever had one, including heaps of useful info about what to do and where to go in Sydney. We arrived very early from Dubai, and Vanessa was able to get us our rooms early so we can sleep off the 14 hours of flight we got into! I thought that was great!Rooms: Great spacious rooms with comfy beds. They had everything you needed for your stay tucked away in the closet (iron, ironing board etc etc). The bathroom is good - not extremely spacious, but still nice. My concern there is that when you flush the toilet, it takes a really long time to reload, and with it comes the sound, which could be slightly annoying at night. I found that in both my room and my sister's room so I assume it is across. Nothing major, but a small concern. My only advice, regarding our room location, if you are someone who is a light sleeper, and would like to sleep through the morning hours, is to book a room away from the breakfast area. Our room was right next to it, so we heard early breakfast go-ers sometimes.Location: Fabulous! A 10 minutes walk from the KingsCross metro station, a 20 minutes walk to Circular Quay ... makes this place superb! Botanical gardens are on the way to Circular Quay and the Opera, so you even opt for longer scenic walks if you want to! Many grocery stores are close by, laundry is also close by as well as some restaurants, all found on your way to the KingsCross metro station. Our only initial concern was the proximity of KingsCross road - but everyone told us that is safe to walk through if needed.Breakfast was nice. Being Egyptians, we were the loudest in the room for sure, but the people were friendly, and did not mind us!I think what made us love the place is that it felt like home ... and that really counts! If you are going to Sydney and thinking of a place to stay ... forget the idea of all those 5  4 star hotels around there and just book in the Simpsons ... you will not regret it!Thanks Vanessa  Keith for your great hospitality and help!P.S. I enjoy stating the fact that we were probably the first Egyptians to stay there, although not the first Dubaians! :) ","annotations":[]}