{"text":"Great Hotel But a Few Problems We stayed 3 nights in September with the weekend rate of 120 pounds being very good and the 320 pounds Monday night rate not being good at all. First the positives - the hotel property is modern, new and beautifully appointed. The service was excellent and the location being a few yards off Pall Mall and a 4 minute walk to Picadilly Circus top notch. Notwithstanding its central location the hotel property and street was quiet and no noise from the hall or other rooms was heard. As others have said, the beds are wonderful. The checkin and checkout were very efficient. I guess some people like being sat down at a desk and going through a 15 minutes checkin process like some hotels do but I like getting it done as promptly as possible. I like Sofitels generally and this one is a great representative of the chain.The negatives - paying 15 pounds a day for wireless internet when you are paying 320 pounds for a room is unacceptable. There is wireless internet in the lobby and in the business center but you have to pay there as well. We stayed at 41 Hotel in London earlier this month fo 275 pounds a night and the internet was free.The other problem was when I got the bill I saw that I had been charged on two different days for multiple bottles of juice and energy drinks. We had had none of them and I couldn't figure out why this mistake had been made on not one, but two, different days. What we had done each of those days was lay in the mini-bar a bottle of wine we had purchased to keep it cool. When I asked about the charges they told me that they have sensors on the bottom of the holders that the drinks sit in and as soon as you move them in any way a charge goes on the bill . While I appreciate the technology what I don't appreciate is them putting it on the bill and then waiting to see if you will object or not. Hardly a fair way to do business. She did take the charges off the account but why the onus is on me to object is beyond me.Having said this, it is a great place to stay , especially if you don't open the mini-bar and if you don't want to use the internet. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1095,"mention":"41 Hotel","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/41_Hotel"],"startOffset":1087}]}