{"text":"Never Book With Tmr Or Stay At Barcelo Bavaro Beach I would like to share with you my experience when my fianc√ã√\u2022√ñ and I booked a vacation package with TMR. First of all, my fianc√ã√\u2022√ñ and I were not seated together on the flight going there and coming back. This would have been a deal breaker for me had I been advised of this beforehand. It is an absolute necessity that I travel with someone at all times because I am very fearful of flying. Secondly, once we got to Punta Cana, we were sent to another hotel, the Barcel√ã¬\u2022? Palace which is supposedly a five star hotel, without being informed of this beforehand either. Once we arrived, we went to the reception to check in. We waited in line for an hour and 45 minutes before getting to speak to someone. There were two couples before us. Then the receptionist, Evelyn was her name, instead of informing us that our room was not ready even though it was 3:45 p.m. she would go in the back office and would come out about every 30 minutes. We patiently tried to get information about where we could leave our luggage so that we might take the opportunity to go to the beach or get something to eat. She asked us to leave out luggage in the middle of the reception. Apparently, it is safe but at the same time she made me sign a waiver that the hotel is not to be held responsible for stolen or lost luggage. I found it really weird that this so-called five star hotel did not have a room for luggage that can be locked. I asked for the manager and again I got the same response. Evelyn again went in the back office and came back out 30 minutes later, without addressing my request. Then, once we started getting somewhere, Evelyn was trying to convince me that the beach room part on my reservation (BARCEL√ã√ë¬¥ BAVARO BEACH RESORT, BEACH ALL INCLUSIVE HOTEL ROOM) was a part of the title of the Barcel√ã¬\u2022? Beach resort. I specifically asked the agent for a beach front room and was assured that Iwas paying a higher price because I was getting that room. Then I asked to speak to the manager. She went back to the office and came out 20 minutes later . Then she called Nancy, the TMR representative there. She proceeded to tell me that there aren't any beach rooms in the Barcel√ã¬\u2022? resort and that I should be thankful that I am in a five star hotel and stop complaining. I don't know how the ratings are established and accorded to these hotels, but it was obvious that this was a very poor 2-3 star to me and the rest of us that got our package through TMR. To sum up, there was ZERO SERVICE at the reception, in the hotel rooms and at the restaurants. The sheets in our room were not changed for the entire week. There were finger prints all over the mirrors when we checked in and during the entire week we were there. The restaurant food was TERRIBLE. I was sick the entire time I was there. I went to the El Caribe, El Bohio, La Brisa and El Rincon. Then we tried the Steak House and Mexican restaurants and the Barcel√ã¬\u2022? Beach, again I could not retain any food. We finally had to pay 20$ US each to try the Spanish restaurant La Fuente. And lastly the beach was terrible and very DIRTY. It was full of seaweed on the sand and everywhere in the water. We were told that Punta Cana was known for its beaches. We could not understand why. This trip was definitely not worth 2316$. We feel cheated and completely disappointed because we were open to travelling any other date and anywhere else down South.Needless to say, this was by far the WORSE TRIP we ever took and we will never go back to the Dominican Republic or book any package deals with TMR. I thank you for your help and hope that you will not be suggesting this destination or any package deals from TMR again.To make matters even worse TMR's response (2 months later) is to reimburse us 75$ each. How ridiculous is that!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2550,"mention":"ZERO","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola_Zero"],"startOffset":2546},{"endOffset":2905,"mention":"Brisa","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Brisa_drink"],"startOffset":2900}]}