{"text":"Stay Here If You Can I lived in Japan for 4 years and was able to stay in some of the country's -- and region's -- better hotels. When I recently returned for a visit to Tokyo over Thanksgiving Weekend '08, I'd found a very good limited-time offer rate for the Grand Hyatt, which made the hotel all the more appealing. As others have noted, the GH is an oustanding hotel, which is saying a lot in a city with some of the world's finest. Located next to the hyperbusy and flashy Roppongi Hills shopping, dining, and office complex, the GH is an oasis of sophistication, luxury, and restrained Japanese pampering. From the soaring minimalism of the lobby to the hushed elevators -- the end two of which are glass-enclosed with views over the city and Tokyo Tower -- to the stunning rooms, the GH is a destination in and of itself. My basic (Grand Deluxe) room was large and luxurious, with contrasting woods, bedside remote controls for the window sheers and blackout panels, a huge natural-stone bath and separate rain-shower stall, and super-comfortable king bed. I was on the 20th floor, and while part of the view from the huge window was of the adjacent Mori Tower office building, I also had a fine view of Tokyo Tower and nearby skyline. The room couldn't have been quieter or more comfortable. The hotel's fast and faultless internet service, both wired and wifi, was included in the basic room rate.As a Gold Passport member, I had free access (otherwise around $20) to the GH's beautiful, hushed spa facilities, which include a red-granite swimming pool with a contrasting translucent white round whirlpool.Other reviewers have mentioned the GH's very expensive restaurants, but the prices are in line with similarly high-end restaurants in Tokyo. I only visited the French Kitchen, where two glasses of champagne and escargots (delicious) set me back around $50.Japanese service is second to none in the world, and the GH staff met every request and need quickly and graciously. I changed my return-flight reservations twice; the staff took care of both complicated requests within a few minutes each time. When the concierge made a dinner reservation for me at a nearby French restaurant I'd read about and wanted to try (La Lune; excellent), they also sent a note up to my room with a detailed map showing the exact location of the restaurant in relation to the GH. While the GH is perhaps resistable at normal rates (I was quoted a rate of over $400\/night for my room if I were to stay an extra night, about $200 more than I was paying), it's a beautiful hotel with unbeatable rooms, service, and ambiance. Treat yourself when in Tokyo. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1598,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1593}]}