{"text":"Nice hotel, bad location As a frequent business traveler to HK (about 4-5 times a year) I usually stay here or at the YMCA on Salisbury Road. However, visiting HK en route for our honeymoon to New Zealand and Australia, we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights as a couple for the first time and had an unpleasant experience.Initially, we booked for one night thru asiatravel and were planning to move to Shenzhen for the next 2 nights.1. While checking in, the receptionist asked us about the kind of room we wanted and also reconfirmed that we wanted a double bed. While, on entering our room we discovered that it had twin beds! On re-requesting for a double bed, we were told that there was no other room available in the hotel.2. The room was pretty shabby and had no toiletries in the bathroom. Also, the tub was old and in bad shape.3. The next day, on being pretty pissed off, I asked the receptionist that if we made a re-booking, for the second night (instead of moving to Shenzhen, that is), would they give us another room. Now, I did this knowing that rooms were available in the hotel and that too at a discounted price. However, not to my surprise, I was again told that there were no rooms available in the hotel and that we would not be able to stay here.... So, I booked via asiatravel and told the hotel to give me another room as we were on our honeymoon.This room was perfect, also, surprisingly it was large. And, I strongly recommend anyone checking in here, request for one of the corner rooms. As they are almost 50% extra sized than the others. Bathroom was fine, all was well. Except, to use the wi-fi in the room that is free, one has to personally go down to the reception to get his username and password. And, it has to be updated hourly. That is, to use it for 3 hours, I was given 3 various usernames and passwords for which I needed to maintain small 3 pieces of paper and log in every hour! How strange is that?4. In a place like HK, where one moves around on foot and MTR, one small difference in hotel location, such as moving up the next street, can change your entire HK experience. Stanford Hillview is located on a steep slope and is no where close to any MTR. It is at least a 10 minute walk to the nearest MTR station, Tsim Sha Tsui.I would not recommend this hotel for Honeymooners or Business Travelers. But, for sure would to those traveling to HK in search of their Bridal Outfit. As most tailors are right there. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":4,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":0}]}