{"text":"Excellente! I've been reading reviews for Excellence Punta Cana for quite some time. Some of the reviews I read before going made me wonder if we made the proper choice. Some of the reviews that I read since returning home make me wonder if we were at the same place. The only thing I can say about the negative reviews is that they must come from people who just really hate life and need to have something to complain about to be content, or they just have really high standards. I'm sure if you constantly scrutinize a property, any property, you can always find something wrong with it. With people coming and going all the time, I'm sure no property is perfect. But . . . is it really worth wasting time and energy dwelling on it? Why not make the best of it? Yes, the roads are bumpy and it is a long ride from the airport. However, it is something to talk about and laugh about later on. I read that someone got bit by a duck. They are not tame animals! Even a dog will bite if provoked or having an off day. I read that there were bugs and cockroaches. It's a tropical island! We didn't see any bugs the entire time we were there, nor did we come home with bug bites. It's too bad that people feel they weren't treated properly. Has anyone ever heard that you reap what you sow? I saw some of the attitudes being directed at the waitstaff and housekeeping department. I saw people order room service and then leave before it arrived because the clock was wrong in their room. I saw people order food in restaurants that wasn't even on the menu and the staff bent over backwards to meet the request. We stayed at the Excellence Punta Cana from 11\/7\/08 through 11\/14\/08, and it was FABULOUS! We received champagne and cold cloths upon our arrival and were greeted with welcome home!. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome and pampered. If we did lack something, we called the concierge and it was taken care of immediately. They even follow up in a few hours or the next day to make sure we were satisfied. The food was excellent, not like at home, but isn't that the whole idea of getting away from home . . . to experience new things? The drinks flowed freely and often. We had no problem with any type of drinks (alcohlic or not) or service. Our experience was one we will remember and cherish forever. All of the employees and managers were 'Johnny-On-The-Spot'. It's sad that some people feel it necessary to not only ruin it for themselves but for others as well. As with the other reviews, this is only my opinion. And you know what they say about opinions! ","annotations":[]}