{"text":"Well worth the long journey My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites from 14-21 April 2008. We had seen the Sirenis Cocotal advertised for 拢300 pp more, but went with the Tropical Suites. Good job, since all the facilities are shared, there are just separate check in and guest service desks, but you could use either anyway! In fact, I'm glad we went for Tropical Suites as we often were in bed before 10pm, and if we had been on the Cocotal side I think the noise of the entertainment would have disturbed us. Our room was in the building with the reception and buffet restaurants (A), on the top floor. We never expected anything amazing as we had booked only 2 weeks prior to travel, but it more than met our needs with 2 double beds which we put together and a fridge full of water, sprite and coca cola. My only criticism of the particular room we had would be that the shower took some time to get warm, you had to guess which way to turn it to get hot water, and that the roof of our balcony was made of palm leaves so when it rained the balcony was out of use for several hours... nice nesting place for birds though!The grounds are amazing and the staff obviously take great pride in them as we found lots of staff consantly tending to the gardens. Two nights one of the frogs in the fountain was turned round... was put back straight by the staff very quickly!We used the pool several times during our stay, great for everyone with varying depths. I don't know how often it is cleaned but there seemed to be quite a lot of leaves etc in it, and a very bad smell when sitting at the swin up bar on the Tropical Suites side. We never went to the pool before 10am, and there was rarely a shaded area to sit which is annoying but I have never been anywhere where that isn't the case. I liked the fact you were given 'towel keys' which you changed for towels to use at the pool\/on the beach, and you could change for new ones when they got wet. Some people have said the $20 charge for a lost towel\/towel key is harsh but I suppose it just ensures you don't dump them. Maybe this facility should be optional?The beach was amazing, quite windy though. Again there were rarely shaded areas to sit but we tended to walk up and down rather than sit and bathe. I just wish there were less men trying to sell you paintings - we only walked northwards once because of an overly persistent seller. The restaurants - the buffet was OK, I didn't expect anything better. I definitely recommend making reservations for the restaurants though. We tried the steak house (Steak great, everything else not that good), Mexican (good, but slow service), Italian (lovely) and Japanese (fab, just the experience). The breakfast in the morning was brilliant and I always found something to eat if I was hungry at lunch. The drinks were on tap all day, but I agree with other comments that the cocktails were too sweet (and I'm a big cocktail fan) and too much alcohol (yes I did say that!!) I highly recommend going to Reef Explorer (or marinarium if you have kids), we also went to Saona Island (fantastic but a long, long journey) and on a day trip called Outback Safari to local houses, schools, mountains, a beach etc which was fab. Overall I would definitely recommend this resort and hotel - I have said that I wouldn't go back but that's only because I never go to the same place twice! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":829,"mention":"cola","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cola"],"startOffset":825},{"endOffset":1115,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1111}]}