{"text":"Our all time favorite hotel\/condo! Note that this is a condo-style hotel with full kitchens, living rooms and one or two separate bedrooms. There is a similarly named hotel that seems to be reviewed, sometimes negatively, in this section. ResortQuest Waikiki Beach TOWER is the condo-style facility that I am reviewing ... and it is absolutely fabulous! We stayed for eight nights in a 1200-square-foot, two bedroom suite on the 34th floor and could not have been happier. The condo was clean, nicely decorated and well designed with the living room walled with floor to ceiling windows overlooking a fantastic view of Waikiki. The full kitchen had a pass-through window to the large lanai where we had breakfast each morning. The two bedrooms were on the mountain side (back) of the hotel and had lovely views in that direction. The suite includes an apartment-style washer\/dryer and the housekeeper left a box of laundry detergent each day. The ability to do laundry in the room makes packing for an active family much, much easier. We had two full bathrooms in addition to the full kitchen, which worked very well for our group which included my husband and myself, our two teenagers and my mother-in-law. The beds in the second bedroom are twins, but the sofa in the living room makes into a decent double or queen sized bed. The master bedroom has a king bed. The housekeeping staff services the rooms twice a day, including turndown with different Hawaiian treats left on the pillows each night. Parking was free (!), which is no small amenity in Waikiki and you can either have the valet park your car or you can park it yourself since the parking is in the hotel. Valet service was also very quick when we needed our car. The hotel is a little difficult to find the first time because, although has a small front entrance on Kalakaua, you drive into the valet area which is on the side street (Liluokalani -- which is one way from Kalakaua to Kuhio). The hotel is next door and slightly behind the circle hotel which is pretty easy to identify due to its circular shape. Like other hotels in this area, the Waikiki Beach Tower is across the street from the beach, and is right at the area where part of the beach is protected by a wall. That makes it easy to choose whether you want to be in a protected area with smaller children (or you just want to swim without dodging surfers) or you can choose to be in the unprotected area where you can surf, go out in catamarans, etc. The hotel is a couple of blocks from the International Marketplace and within a few blocks of many good restaurants and plenty of shopping. We have visited Oahu many times and have stayed in a number of hotels in the Waikiki area, but I doubt we'll stay anywhere else if we can get a suite at the Waikiki Beach Tower. You can certainly find hotels that are more luxurious, but for a family, I can't imagine a better place than this. Just make sure that you are booking the condo-style TOWER, not a similarly named hotel. ","annotations":[]}