{"text":"Too many problems I was staying there for two nights while having some business appointments in Florence. To say the truth, I have never thought that you could be attacked by a bed bugs in a 4 star expensive hotel in the centre of western European country. This is what has happened to me. On the first night I was very tired and quickly went to bed. I was just falling asleep, when I felt terrible itching. After turning on the light I realized that a bed bug just bit me and had to spend the rest of the night and the second night with the light turn on. This was the first problem. The second problem was the air conditioning. I really tried hard to understand how this should work, but it was just impossible, because one switch was marked as cold in English and warm in Italian, whereas the second switch was marked as warm in English and cold in Italian. Even if one could understand how this is supposed to work, it wouldn't be helpful at all, because the AC literally does not work no matter what you do with these switches. The third problem was TV. The TV-set was in the room, but the picture quality was so terrible that it was in fact impossible to watch it. I didn' t check the pay tv for obvious reasons. The fourth problem were the electric sockets. They use the local type with 3 holes what is OK, because this is the type used in Italy, but they should have some plug adapters! I had my laptop and couldn't connect it as it has eurosocket. In every room there's a kind of guide about the hotel, form which you can learn that they have such adaptors and you can ask at the reception. This is not true. I went to the reception desk with my plug and asked a guy for the adapter. He showed me an enormous box full of adapters, but none of them was designed to fit their own sockets. So I wasn't able to use my laptop. The next problem is a lack of an internet connection. They inform on their website, that there is such a possibility in the hotel, what is also incorrect, cause there was no internet connection in the whole hotel. This is shocking - you pay 170 euro for one night and you get a room- with bed bugs- with broken AC- with sockets that are useless for most European and US plugs- with no internet.I've been to cheaper and cleaner hotels in Eastern Europe countries where no such problems have happened to me. ","annotations":[]}