{"text":"so so vacation Just got back from our stay at the Bahia Principe Punta Cana. Warning: if you are from the states, don't expect great service. Pros: The beach was beautiful, although packed with topless smokers. If you put your blinders on, you could look past that and take in the beautiful water and white sand beaches.The rooms were immaculate. Despite other reviews, we didn't have any insect problems, and our maid Romona was so sweet and did an excellent jobs.The grounds were very well kept. They were constantly cleaning it and keeping it nice. The pools were nice as well, although they too were super crowded. Weatherwise, we could not have asked for a better week. We had low '90s everyday, and not a drop of rain.Cons: The people were not friendly. I took basic spanish years ago, and while I am by no means fluent, my effort was not appreciated. We got snapped at on many occassions. While plates we cleared quickly and drinks were brought fairly quick, we were rarely approached with a smile. This is quite opposite from my trip to mexico, where any attempt at the language was appreciated, and they were just as eager to learn about our culture as we were theirs. The front desk did not speak good English. They pretended like they did, although when you really needed something, they could do little to help. I am from the new york city area, and I was looking forward to a low key vacation. Believe me, I was not anticipating a five star. I would have stayed here and dined at the Ritz if I wanted that. Our first night there, I read the policy that you must wear long pants and long sleeves to the buffet (but only for dinner). I was upset as I looked at my boyfriends wardrobe and saw the endless short-sleeve polos. I asked the front desk what women must wear, and guest services told me that to the dinner buffet, women must wear skirts or long pants. Again, I glanced over at my 5 or 6 pair of dressy bermudas that are good enough for my office, but not for their buffet. I told him this, and he said bermudas were not allowed. I decided to check it out for myself, only to find the buffet packed with people in shorts, tees and flip flops. I am still confused....The food was not good. The steak restaurant was the only really good meal. However, to their credit, this is not a 5 star, so you can't expect too much. I left dinner everynight with a stomach ache....it was that or starve. I am not sure where you people are eating that found the food fabulous. Edible is more like it.....Not much to do other outside of the resort, as the cities are not very safe. We did the catamaran exursion, which was nice, and finally the staff was nice. The only downside to that was the snorkeling....big waste. Saw only 2 types of fish. I have snorkeled in Belize, however. I guess I am spoiled. I was suprised to see that we were one of the few to tip at the end of the trip..........cheap cheap people in the dominican.To add to the above, tourists there are unfriendly. All they do is smoke. I was bumped into several times, and I got not one excuse me. And ps....while this is an all-inclusive trip, please tip for good service. I was astonished at how ungrateful people were.I could go on and on....while I have more negatives than positive, all in all, it was a relaxing vacation. If you want to sit back and relax and aren't looking for crazy ngihtlife, this is for you.To add to someones point about north americans staying away, I would like to agree. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":306,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":301}]}