{"text":"A Step Back in Time... A Romantic Adventure.... We have just returned back to Canada and I wanted to get this review written...Seven Bridges is for those who want to experience Amsterdam in an authentic artistic way. There is a lily above the sign outside and there was a scent of lillies as we walked into the hallway. Oscar Wilde and the art deco movement immediately came to my mind...Seven Bridges is a canal house similar to the type Rembrant lived in - a definite visit if you have the time. This is a great opportunity to experience something very unique. The furnishings have been selected with love and care. It is very clean and comfortable. The beautiful breakfast is supplied on exquisite china with plenty extra if you want to pack a little for later (these are heavy trays, but nothing is compromised for the sake of beauty) The hotel is tasteful, conveniently located to the Rembrant Square, where there are buses and cafes, clean and very elegant. We would definitely recommend it. We took the Garden Room number 4 as we had fairly heavy cases and it wasn't far to go up the stairs. A small passage is part of the room and makes it very convenient to put the luggage there with a glass door that closes into the suite.Our hosts were very kind and caring... we were very grateful to see some other rooms. Each contains a uniqueness and elegance of its own. I would suggest if you are chosing a room going up the stairs to bring light compact luggage as the stairs are winding and narrow. This is a characteristic of all canal houses, but good to keep in mind. We would love to come back, and wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Seven Bridges... I would definitely spend more time getting to know local people. Everyone we met were so friendly and kind. I felt a bit strange as we didn't speak any Dutch, but English is used everywhere and nobody makes you feel bad for not speaking their language.It was a truly unique and authentic experience. Fiona and Rami David ","annotations":[]}