{"text":"Fantastic Place We just returned from wonderful 7 night vacation to Melia Caribe Tropical. We had two families totaling 8 people. We had four adults and four boys (10, 11, 13  14). Before we left we read a variety of reviews and were a little nervousabout some of them. Wow, am I glad I didn't listen to them. Not one of the bad things that were written about, happened to us. Check-in was a breeze and we were given our rooms right away. Our luggage followed within 5 minutes. Sure you have to tip everytime you turn around, but that stops once you are in your rooms. Out of the many all inclusive resorts we have been to (and there have been many), this was by far the best. The employees there are so friendly and helpful and are everywhere. The rooms are very clean and always looked wonderful when you came back after a day at the beach. The bathrooms had flowers and the beds were often turned down. The timeshare sales staff is very very aggressive. Once we made it clear we that we weren't interested, and were not going to buy, they left us alone. We opted to not go the Royal Service route and I am also glad we madethat choice. For us, it would have been a waste of money. The only time I think it would be of a benefit is if you plan to use the internet very often. They have access but it is up in the lobbys so it isn't overly convenient. The RS has access in their area. We didn't have too much difficulty making reservations and the one evening we were unable to we ate at the buffet. For an all inclusive resort, the buffet was fine. No one should go to an all inclusive, ifthey are going to complain about buffet food. The pool is wonderful but you do need to make sure and get there relatively early to get chairs if you are particular where you sit. We never had problems getting a towel. We were there when it was soldout but never felt like we were crowded. The resort is big, but to usthat was not an issue. We were in building 5 which we felt was a perfect location. The train operates often and is an easy way to get around. You are close to the beach, pool and dining. Our boys were so tired from playing all day that they didn't use the teen disco, so I can't comment on it. We used the casino every night and even tho it was small, we really enjoyed ourselves. We only played blackjack and over the course of a week, we all ended up winning something. The boys did the obstacle course and bungy type ofride which was an additional cost but not much and well worth it!We did the banana boat and the boys got henna tattos. We found that if you walked off the resort for these things they were a little cheaper. The only negative thing we would have to say about our trip was something that was unrelated to the resort itself. We booked an all day scuba\/snorkeling trip to Catalina through Scuba Caribe. We were disappointed as they told us the bus ride was an hour and it was 2 1\/2 hours! They were very unorganized and didn't give any instructions to people on the boat and worst of all didn't have enough equipment for everyone that was on the boat. I didn't even get to snorkel. They didn't offer any of the kids on the boat life jackets and the first place we stopped was so rough that it was almost impossible to snorkel because of the waves. Luckily for us, our boys are very experienced snorkelers, but even for them, it was a struggle. When we finally got to Catalina, it was very nice and the beach and snorkeling were good.It was one of the nicest vacations we have been on and would without a doubt stay again at the Melia Caribe. I was glad that we didn't base our trip on the negative reviews that we read. We realize that some people are never happy no matter where they stay. We had a great experience with this hotel and hope to go back again. ","annotations":[]}