{"text":"Disappointing We arrived at the Domus Florentiae Hotel, Florence for a 3 night stay on the 13th September. The weather was unseasonably hot. We had just spent a delightful 3 days in Sorrento and 7 days in Lucca at a wonderful hotel in the walled city. We had no problems in either of these hotels. We were delighted that the Domus was so close to the station. The hotel appeared clean and comfortable.We had problems with the air conditioner as it wasn't working. The manager said it was a sensitive control and he went to the desk and voila it began working. On the third day it was again not functioning and I saw the desk clerk turn it on using the computer. I had noticed several irritating bites during our stay but by the third morning I had over 20 inflamed swellings on my arms and legs.We found an insect on the bed and showed one of the insects (2nd or 3rd stage nymph in the bedbug development cycle) in the bedding of thehotel room to the Night Manager early on the morning of the 16th September. He confirmed the existence of the insect and noted several small bloodstains on the sheet (typically found with bedbug colonies). The night Manager sincerely apologised to us but did not offer any assistance or advice other than his assurance that he would inform the hotel management. We were also in a rush to catch our train back to Rome for our flight home. I had a very uncomfortable trip home as I had no antihistamines to ease the discomfort. My husband also discovered bites on his legs and back. We wrote to the manager to inform him as we paid 139 euro a night and we thought that a good faith gesture of some type of compensation and an apology was a reasonable request. The manager wrote back informing us he had had his hotel checked and it was not the source and that we had brought the insects with us in our luggage!! They are not transported on people but are commonly reported in hotel rooms when regions experience an unseasonal periods of warm weather such as currently being experienced in Italy. He informed us that if we expressed our disatisfaction with the hotel's service online he would inform other travellers that we were the source of the bed bugs not his hotel. We were very unhappy with this response as we feel that a good manager should have come up with a more conciliatory and honest acknowledgement. ","annotations":[]}