{"text":"Got sick and went to hospital, missed my flight home... Like the title says I did not have a good stay. My girlfriend and I planned a 7 day vacation but stayed 10 days in punta cana as I will shortly explainEverything was fine (where fine is defined by the last paragraph) till the fourth night. My girlfriend really likes seafood (mainly from buffet) and was eating that all the time. By the fourth night she got sick and vomitted like 4-5 times and by the next morning we went to visit the hotel doctor because she could not keep anything including liquids in. The doctor recommended shots to stop the vomitting and then pepto bismal and some gravel equivalent i think... My girlfriend does not like shots and who would have thought just eating their food would require such extreme measures so we just opted for the medicine....After a few hours we had to come back because she did need the shots cause she continued to vomitted anytime she ate or drank. I by the fourth nite had diarreha but after taking some immodium felt fine. I actually hate seafood and never ate any. I like pretty much what my girlfriend does not so we pretty much covered the entire selection they had which after the first couple days you get sick of.On the last nite, we decided to use our last reservation for the Italian rest. I do not think my girlfriend was really up for it but she insisted on making the best of our last nite. I ate the lasagna which i thought tasted great but after eating it I instantly felt very uncomfortably full. 1 hour after dinner or so, I thought I would feel better if i went to the washroom and when i got there to my surprise had to vomit instead. And from then on, I pretty much vomitted every 20-30 mins. I could literally identify everything I ate that meal and afterwhich it was all liquid\/acidic like vomit. The symptoms looking very similiar to what my gf had, I lasted 2-3 hours before going to the hotel doctor. She gave me the same treatment but it clearly was not working. She then proceeded to hook me up to an IV. I stayed there for a few hours, now very dehydrated, somewhat shaking and taking very irregular breathes. The doctor eventually called th ambulance. I stayed for 2 nites at the hospital before being released. A review of the DR hospital experience is probably outside the scope of this review...The doctor could only explain my illness by saying foreigners are sometimes not used to the food especially on their first visit. Although I am sure this is true, that seems like quite a poor excuse. Also note that the hospital was filled with tourist patients, and the patient across from us was from the same resort with similar a conditionI did not take any type of medication\/shots that people have since told me may help before travelling. Thank goodness for all inclusive travel insurance. The delayed flights home, and hospital costs were well in the thousands. Also thank goodness my girlfriend was there to take care of all matters with the hotel, insurance company and me. If she ever happens to read this review, she'll know i am forever grateful...I know this is an extreme case and there seems to be a lot of highly rated reviews lately. Before i went i read a lot of reviews on tripadvisor and back then Gran bahia was rated #2 (guess it's dropped a spot since then). I was probably more prepared than the avg person because I had read so many reviews.... brush teeth with bottled water, get 3rd floor suite to avoid ants, not near marsh where there are a lot of flies etc, etc.....All I can say is go at your own risk. I will never go there again, probablly not even to the DR but that's just me.Aside for the being sick, the place was okay. nice looking resort and room but pool pretty dirty, bugs in the towel animals, they kind of skimpped on the towel\/face cloth replacement but we had ample bottled water. not much to do besides lounge around on the resort. no night life. hope this helps. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3697,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3693}]}