{"text":"Don't Dream too Big! This was our third trip to the Dominican and our second stay at Dreams (formerly Sunscape the Beach) since 2007. We did not plan to stay here a second time, but since the hotel we originally booked was closed due to renovations, Apple bumped us to Dreams (a two apple upgrade) for the trouble. Rather than haggle with them, we decided to go even though we were not thrilled with our experience the previous year. Let me preface this review by saying that my husband and I are not high maintenance, very laid back and also realize that you get what you pay for, so this review will be focused mostly on the realities that we experienced versus the marketing materials that are presented on websites etc. Here is what we experienced:*The staff is friendly and outgoing once you get to know them. But you must make the effort to be friendly first. If you are shy, you may feel ignored or under-served. If you don't know any Spanish, try to learn some basic phrases. It really helps and it's a nice show of respect. We also tip regularly...it does help increase the level of service! *The resort is very large and sometimes the restaurant staff can not always handle the influx. Try and visit at off-times for best selection and service.*The food was good but not excellent. I became sick on day 3 after eating at the Japanese restaurant. Had to visit the Doctor who was WONDERFUL for a shot in the bum and antibiotics...lost 3 days and had to pay $237 in additional medical bills but I was not the only one. I met three other travelers who also suffered the same affliction after eating at the same restaurant. Not sure what you can do to avoid this, but I think the resort should really take a close look at refrigeration issues at Himitsu.*Premium alcohol was readily available as well as domestic beer at some of the bars. The house wine was great and mamajuana a must try! *Rooms were clean but very worn. We stayed in room 2326. Wonderful ocean-view but obviously in dire need of upgrades to reflect pictures on the website. The AC was very poor, but we were on the 3rd floor and didn't complain. Our toilet ran constantly and the fan in the bathroom was also broken. With the size of the resort I can't imagine massive upgrades anytime soon to bring them up to what you would expect from a Dreams resort.*Maid service was wonderful and reliable. The cleaning staff was the most outgoing and friendly.*The beach is rocky and a bit rough compared to Bavaro beach. We stayed on Bavaro once and have been spoiled ever since. Go to the left of the resort beyond the turtle trampoline and you'll be fine!*Plenty of activity by the pool by the lower bar and beach area. Entertainment staff was great! Hola Mickey Mouse! Plenty of chairs and shade by the pool...almost too much shade! Take your own pool floats as there aren't enough for everyone. *Make sure the guys pack long pants and a polo shirt for dinner. Some of the restaurants require them for dinner and they are not kidding! We were fine, but several couples who were not prepared did get turned away. The bottom line...don't think you are going to get the same level of quality and service that you would get at the Hyatt or Hilton. This hotel does not go out of their way for you once you are checked in, which is not necessarily a bad thing, but don't expect to be pampered unless you pay extra for it at the spa or for the romantic dinner on the beach. Six golden apples for this resort does not equal 5 stars for a top notch hotel, it's like comparing apples and oranges....no pun intended:)  In conclusion, my husband and I had a wonderful vacation together and took all of the little bumps in stride. We were just so happy to be away for a full week together! We met wonderful people and made lots of new friends over cocktails and pool volleyball...just wanted to share our experience so that you may gauge your expectations accordingly. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1015,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1011}]}