{"text":"Iberostar Dominicana Hotel 7\/27\/07 - 8\/03\/07 I will try and be brief. We are an american family that stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana for 7 nights. We were definitely of the minority. Mostly was European. When we got there they automatically upgraded our room without us even asking. We got a room with an attached separate bedroom. Very happy about that. Hotel staff was great.You will run into some issues with translation if you do not understand spanish. Especially at the shows. Sometimes they translate, sometimes they dont. Shows were lame (expect the michael jackson). Disco was lame (music was awful). The daily activities were good, however, the hotel gave us a schedule that was outdated so for the 1st day or two we kept missing everything...LOL. OK, so we always like to try and stay in shape while we are on vacation and the gym was pretty lame. it is a 2nd story thatched roofed dwelling with no walls. You need to get their early or you will die from dehydration because you have sweated out all your body fluids. They do offer daily step classes with Ciso (she was great) so I tried to take advantage of that as much as possible. The weight equipment was incredibly outdated but i have to say that they had ALOT of free weights and olympic bars available.Food. Well, unlike other places we have been to, you have to pay attention to opening  closing times of restaurants and whether or not you need to make reservations. The places you had to make reservations for were great. Other food was good too at the buffet, they did a pretty good job of the variety as much as humanly possible.It was hot! VERY HOT  HUMID. Forget laying out! You are always trying to find shade. After a few days you will be exhausted from it. The pavement gets so hot that you will literally burn your feet if you dont have shoes on.We had kids ages 12  17 (boys). This resort is NOT geared to entertain them. They were definitely bored. We were going on excursions to keep them occupied.My husband  17 year old got sick. Immodium didnt help. Ended up purchasing amoxicillin from the drug store that they have their for $10 (hmmm, less than a co-pay). You dont need a prescription either, just walk in and buy it. So they are better now, but not 100%. Especially my husband. Dont use the water for anything. Dont let the water run in it while showering or use it when you brush your teeth or you will be terribly sorry.Oh, my husband had his flip-flops stolen at the pool too. So be careful with the stuff you leave around on the chairs.All in all it was a pretty good trip. The excursions saved us. They were terrific and i posted a review about them separately. Enjoy your trip and brush up on your espanol :) ","annotations":[]}