{"text":"Secrets is Excellent I don't understand why I read so many negative reviews prior to my trip. As an American I am ashamed of how some people spoke about this resort. Once you leave the U.S. you must realize you will not have the same level of service as we do at home. People are different, food is different and everything else for that matter. The staff are extremely friendly and I never once felt like I wasn't being catered to in any way. They do whatever they can to accomodate your needs. What some people need to understand is that D.R. is a third world country!! Refrigerators do not work as they do in the U.S. Get over it or do not book vacations to third world countries. Again, people have commented on a bumpy ride to the hotel. Uh Yeah... again third world counrty = dirt roads. I'll get off this negative vibe here and give some personal feedback on the resort. This is my 2nd time to Punta Cana and the 6th all inclusive resort I've stayed at which includes the Sandals Royal Carribbean in Jaimaca. Anyhow, I thought that this resort was wonderful. The pool is never ending and absolutely perfect. The beach is a little rough, but it's nice to just sit back and watch the waves. The food was definitely better in some places than others. I'll agree with most people in saying that the Bordeaux and El Patio were the best. However, the Oceania's seafood was excellent and we never got sick from anything. We did not try the Japanese or Italian because I figured how good can Italian and Japanese food taste on an island?? As I mentioned before the staff is courteous and extremely friendly. if you need stronger drinks just ask for them and it will be no problem. Do: bring aloe vera, pepto, bug spray and any other over the counter stuff you feel that you may need because this stuff is extremely expensive over there. Defnitely wear bug spray during the horseback ride. I didn't really enjoy the ride but I'm still glad I did it.My husband and I had an amazing time at this resort. Next to Sandals it has been our best vacation yet. We really can't wait to go back to Punta Cana. I really hope that after reading this review and many other positive ones you realize that many people complain about silly things. This should be a relaxing vacation, so don't sweat the small stuff. Enjoy your time in paradise!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":786,"mention":"dirt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dirt_cake"],"startOffset":782}]}