{"text":"Best Vacation Ever! I know this review is kind of late, seeing as how my mom, brother, my best friend and myself went almost two years ago. But when I saw this hotel on the review page I knew I had to comment.This was my first tropical vacation, and I became hooked. The only bad part of this trip was the flight and bus ride, and that is ONLY because I get motion sickness quite easily and I am really not good on planes.Aside from being beautiful in just apperance, I would have to say that I met beautiful people as well. My brother became frends with Micheal he was an amazing guy who kept him entertained, my brother who was 15 at the time had lots of fun teaching his basketball tricks etc. It was good for him to have someone to talk to especially since I had brought my best friend with me.Rooms:The rooms were absolutely beautiful, they were MUCH bigger then i had expected, we had a standard room and it was lovely. The beds were a bit hard but that is to be expected anywhere you go, this happend to be a good thing for me because it helped my back quite a bit. The fridge was always stocked every day, we always had towels, and when we came back to our room our maid always left us a flower on our bed as well as two in the bathrooms, one by each sink. Although we didn't really have money so we couldn't tip, we always left a thank you note and when we left we left some perfumes and stuff behind for her. Food:The food was really good, we ate at the buffet as well as all the specialty restorants that they had. I loved the chicken fettucini alfredo i had it almost everyday. The deserts were always good, and the staff always made sure we had fresh drinks and were doing well. Beach: The beach was amazing you could walk forever it seemed in both directions. when you go onto the beach if you turn left and walk for about 5-10 minutes there are local vendors who are willing to bargin to give you a good price... we got lots of stuff and spent only a little. The beach was clean and there were always chairs available. Warning. It is a topless beach, be prepared for that, it suprised my 15 year old brother quite a bit, and he always blushed and looked away when a topless women would walk by. So if you have small children prepare for sunless tanning not only on the beach but by the pool as well.Day Trip:My mom took us all on a day trip as well. This included a bus ride through the town. it is beautiful and colourful, but it saddend me... I tend to take things to heart to much, and when I saw the size of the houses and the surroundings it made me feel bad for being at a big luxurious hotel. After the bus ride we ended up at another hotel where we went down the beach and boarded a speed boat, which took us to a huge Catamaran. Once boarded there were drinks and dancing, it was so much fun. We ended up going to a private protected beach where we had lunch and spent 3 hours swimming in the warm crystal clear water. We bought some necklaces from the local vendors and had a great time. After that we boarded a speed boat and went out into the middle of the water, way off the shore where the water ended up being only waste high, we saw starfish as well as other fish and it was amazing. It was really worth the extra money spent, I would recommend this to anybody! After that we boarded the catamaran again and went back to our hotel. Overall:This was a fantastic vacation and I would recomment anybody go to this hotel, I would love to go back, the staff was amazing, the rooms were spotless, and I had the time of my life! This hotel definetly got me hooked on vacationing, and I hope to someday go back! This really turned out to be a lot longer then i thought it would be.. but its such an amazing vacation that I just had to comment! ","annotations":[]}