{"text":"Superb holiday! Just returned from an excellent two week stay at the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana. What can I say other than we had a superb holiday at this resort. Don't be put off by some reviews of this hotel as everything was very near perfect as most of the bad reviews are from people who would complain if they spent two weeks holiday in heaven (bloody angels!). Some of the reviewers have complained about very petty things, the waiters didn't speak English (interesting to see how many people in the USA and Britain that can speak more than one language) and things like the rice was overcooked (you've just spent 2 weeks in paradise and that was the most memorable moment!!)Anyway, back to the hotel. The hotel is huge (some people even complained about this!) and there are trams to take you from different parts of the hotel. The grounds of the hotel were immaculate and there were staff constantly working to tidy the place up, painting, gardening and the sprinklers were on for long periods of the day which made the gardens lush and beautiful. The room was excellent - the air conditioning was a welcome relief from the heat outside and we left it on constant for two weeks, The mini bar was fully stocked and the maid every day left our hand towels in differenr arrangements.The beach needs to be seen to be believed and I cannot really describe how beautiful it was in words - never seen anything remotley like it before. To swim in the beautiful clear light blue sea was an experience in itself. The pool was also excellent especially as you could spend a few hours sitting at the pool bar.The food was very good. I know some people have complained about the standard of the food, there is a need to remember that yyou are staying in the Dominican Republic and the standard of food is not as high as back home whether in Britain or the US. There was plenty of choice at the buffet if the food was a little cold at times. The restaurants were excellent and a much better standard than the buffet. By far the best was the Japanese and a must for your stay at the hotel, I am a bit fussy with my food but I loved everything we were served at the Japanese. Th whole ambiance of the place makes you forget for a while that you are in the Dom.Rep. The other restaurants were also very good, especially the Garden Grill and the Mexican. We did have a few dodgy stomachs a few days but put this down to eating food we were not used to, ate a lot of fish which is something we don't do on a daily basis.The drinks were plentiful and the service at the hotel was one of the highlights with regard to the hotel. Our glasses was never empty and we were tended hand and food. We joked one night that we were going to make a complaint beacuse we had to wait TWO MINUTES to be served by a waitress for drink!! Considering how much the staff get paid they did a remarkable job and as long as you are pleasant and make some effort to speak Spanish then you and the staff will get along fine. If you only speak English and are unpleasant and arrogant to the staff then what do you expect.We went on a few trips were excellent. My girlfriend swam with the dolphins and this was an excellent experience, especially as it was done at Dolphin Island where the dolphins are kept at sea rather than in a zoo as at Manati Park. We also went on the Outback Safari which was superb - we went to a typical Dominican house and met some of the locals, went to a coffee and coco plantation, and went boogie boarding on a secluded beach which was an excellent experience. We also went to Saona Island which was a very good. The Caribbean Festival was also superb as we had a chance to spend a few hours snorkelling and swam with sharks. Trips were a must to see the real Dominican Republic on your holiday.We had a superb holiday and would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone and we will most probably visit this hotel again in the near future. If you go to this hotel and find it poor because it is not 100% perfect might be worth that remembering that life itself is not perfect, and this hotel is not completley perfect, but it's pretty damn close.Visitor from the UK ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3458,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":3452},{"endOffset":3458,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":3452},{"endOffset":3458,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":3452}]}