{"text":"WOW...Grand Palladium Bavaro We have just returned from the Grand Palladuim and I have to say Thank You to TA. It was through lots of research here on the forums and to Travel Agents that I made the decision to go here. We were a party of seven, in three different types of rooms. Everyone was happy the Jr Suite for the three young adults was as close to the beach as you could get (Villa 28) and they loved it. We were close to everything (Building 74) and it was also a great room. My daugther and Grandson would have like to been closer to the beach but really nothing is very far, my daughter loved the big whirlpool too. All in all the rooms were top notch, except for a recurring issue of the mini bar in my room being missed. Not a biggie.The resort is large and it took me a while to figure it out, thank heavens the kids figured it out right away. The grounds are beutifully maintained and clean. We tried three of the ala cartes and loved them all, although the El Aricieffe (Steak and Lobster) was very slow and the $30 Lobster charge was a surprise. The Mare Nostum (Italian) and Mariachi (Tex Mex) were both great!! Although I tipped the waiters after dinner as I would normally, I didn't really see any need for tipping constantly. The service was good.The Buffets were great we could always count on there being something good, even my daughter who is fussy and a vegetarian enjoyed the food. We mostly stayed at The Cathedral, although the El Aricieffe for lunch and the Buffet at the Punta Cana pool was also very good.The beach is great, beautiful sand for miles....although we never really had a problem with chairs the Reserving thing has got to be addressed by hotel management at some point. I dont have a problem if someone gets up early to reserve chairs or a hut, if they plan on using them. The ignorant, selfish people that stake them out daily as if they own them and then not show up for hours are the ones that need to be straightened out. And you ALL know who you are...GROW UP, eveyone deserves the same chance at a hut or chairs.All in all I think this is a great resort and think everyone in my group thinks the same . Would LOVE to go back...tomorrow maybe? More Snow on the way. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2203,"mention":"Snow","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Snow_cream"],"startOffset":2199}]}