{"text":"The cockroach on the wall was the least of our problems... I grew up on the island and have always known this hotel to be a lovely spot in the heart of Old San Juan. Something must have happened in the past few years...No one helped us with our luggage- even though the bellhop was hanging out in the lobby speaking to the desk clerk. We also arrived to find the famous Panorama restaurant on the top floor closed until further notice. The Panorama, by the way, is also the location of the internet hotspot on the property.The elevator jolts so strongly when it reaches its destination that you desperately grab for something- anything- to hold on to; and it never gets any better.There is a stale carpet smell that permeates the entire place, and upon entering our room our hearts sank. This was not like any of the rooms pictured online- everything was rusty and smelly, there was barely any room to walk, every surface was sticky, the mattress must have been at least ten years old and it showed- the pillows were flat, the blankets had an odor to them, etc. We went to the lobby and requested a room change and were told that nothing could be done, but that they would refund our next two nights stay if we wished. (We had paid for the full three nights months ago). Funnily enough, the lady at the front desk did not seemed surprised at all that we were disappointed with our room- as if this were a common event for her. We decided to toughen up and stay through the night. We watched all of the six channels available on the grimy tv set and laughed at the fact that there was no phone book available (plus even local calls are thirty cents a minute) but there were tons of pamphlets on catholicism on the dresser (all marked as please do not remove from room) The next morning we woke up and there was a cockroach on our wall, just casually traipsing by. Then we headed out to beautiful Old San Juan after waiting for the elevator with a professional. (nope, not kidding).If you are on a super tight budget and want to stay in the heart of Old San Juan ( a definite bonus) then take this place into consideration. This place can definitely be sold as a motel, but that is about it. Consider the HoJo around the corner. They were kind enough to refund our money, however- I genuinely hope that our stay was atypical... ","annotations":[]}