{"text":"Great Frankfurt Views  We stayed here one night (27 June) after a 5 day tour of Budapest, just before taking our flight back to Singapore. Had chosen this hotel due to its high tripadvisor ratings as well as its great city views and reasonable weekday rates. My top choice was the Steigenberger Frankfurter Hof but its weekday rate was vastly different from that of its weekend rates. However, the Marriott had offered THE SAME weekday and weekend rates, so it was the obvious choice ....I had booked a Superior corner room (a whopping 570 square feet!) as it was much bigger than most Deluxe and Executive rooms (a miserable 258-269 square feet). It was even bigger than a Junior Suite (398 square feet) but still cheaper cos it has no separation between its bedroom and sitting area. To our surprise, we had to open two doors before getting into our room, as this offered us much quietness and added security. And it had a huge 6 people dinning\/office table, too. The bathroom has a double sink, and was huge as well. As we would be in Frankfurt for less than 24 hours, this Hotel had offered us the much desired, unbeatable aerial views of the city, which was great I thought!Free breakfast and daily drinks\/snacks was to be had at its 43rd floor Executive lounge. Surprisingly, we had bumped into many Singaporeans (mostly Singapore Airlines crew staff) at the lounge and in the hotel's lifts. Minibar was free in the room (it had ample fruit juices, beers, mineral water and even small bottles of hard liquor!). And, oh yes, 3 apples of the much hated, green colour type! (why can't they simply offer the red ones?) Overall, this is a 1970's chain Hotel meant more for the Business people as it was a good 10 euros taxi ride to both the Romer for sightseeing and the Zeil for shopping. And so I had chosen the Schlosshotel Kronberg (on the outskirts of Frankfurt, see my review) on a pre-Budapest trip for some uniqueness and this hotel for a post-Budapest trip for some great aerial views. Though I wasn't disappointed with this Hotel, I wasn't too impressed with its chain hotel feel and its smoke filled lobby area either. Overall, its a good choice for a weekday inexpensive stay in Frankfurt. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":306,"mention":"Frankfurter","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hot_dog"],"startOffset":295}]}