{"text":"Not 5 star at all!!!! We just got back from the Palladium last week and was a great disappointment! It was our 3rd trip to Dominican Rep, and certainly the worst.First of all, I can't understand how can they say they are 5 stars, when (in European measures) they are hardly 3!To be precise:ROOM: we have stayed in a twin room, as it was 2 of us going, the room has a whirlpool bath, which would be great, but not in the middle of the room! You simply dont have a bathroom, just a shower.For the 2 of us, there was not enough space in the wardrobe at all.The rooms are cleaned daily, we tipped the maid at the beginning, still no clean towels, she simply folded the dirty ones. The balcony door was full of dirty prints from the previous guest, hasn't been cleaned in the 2 weeks we've been there. The table is full of ants, no way to get rid of them.The mini bar was NOT filled up daily, however, that's what we have been told.We wanted to upgrade to a junior suite, for $15 pppn, but at the guest services they couldn't care less. We were willing to pay an extra $350, we arranged 3 viewings, but got turned downs as the guy at the desk couldn't be bothered. ( nice service!)RECEPTION is a nightmare. I have read in previous views how useless they are, can't agree more.After the first week, all of a sudden our roomkeys didn't work. We re-set them, but every day we had to and re-do it,which was annoying.One day, after a disaster day trip, at 6 in the evening, we couldn't get into our room again. (that was the 5th occasion!)I got down to reception, I was tired and [-] off, and asked the girl to do it. She said I have to wait until she checks in 8 guests. Now that is the sevice you get!!!POOLS are nice and cool but extremly dirty and stink of chlorine. After 9 no chance to get a lounger. BEACH is beautiful, but no housekeeping. No loungers after 0900.RESTAURANTS are wonderful, the food is excellent, great choice.I hope I was helping, I really dont want to sound as I can only critisise, but if you pay and expect a 5 star hotel, please choose another one. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1166,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1162}]}