{"text":"Perfect After weeks of trawling online looking for the perfect place to stay in Paris, I came across the reviews for this hotel on this site. I wasn't totally sold and it seemed a little pricey, but in Paris what isn't !!! As our visit was for our tenth wedding anniversary, I decided to push the boat out and booked it. So glad I did !Fantastic location, within easy reach of the Louvre and Notre Dam which were both breathtaking. Great restaurants close by alongside the usual cafes, bars and shops. As others have noted, the park across the road is lovely. They had a photograpy exhibition on whilst we were there which was engrossing.We caught the MET from Charles de Gaul to the station which is literally a five minute walk away from the Hotel. If your prepared to do a little homework, Paris is very easy to get around. The staff are very friendly and extremely helpful. The room we stayed in was ideal, very Parisian and extremely comfortable.We crammed so much into the two days we were in Paris. We took in the Eiffel Tower dinner, river cruise and Moulin Rouge show on our first night. It's a little overpriced. The meal was actually not that bad if a little basic. The cruise is lovely. The Moulin Rouge.......hectic....your packed in and you have get no special teeatment even if booked as part of a deal. You queue outside for a good few minutes, then your herded in and packed 8 to a table. One cheap bottle of champers and then the show starts which is qyuite long, were saw the later show. I've seen better, seen worse...its ok ! But while in Paris it's one of those things you just have to do, and we are glad we did it.Paris is fantastic.......very expensive but worth every penny ! The hotel is one of the best i've stayed in and I've stayed in quite a few all over the world !! If you can try and speak a little French, it makes a huge difference in the way your treated, even if you try badly like we did. Without a doubt, If you get the chance.....stay here !!!!!! You really won't be dissapointed. Defintately one of life's enduring memories. ","annotations":[]}