{"text":"Had fun.. but not a 5 star hotel... Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Riu Taino On May 14th - May 21, 2007. it was a 5 star hotel.... but not really... here is my take on the hotel...Beach: Beautiful... loved it... water was cool, and wavy.. There was lots of coral reefs to snokel and look at fish. Lots of shade on the beach and very clean. If you walked down the beach you could go to a market that sold everything for cheaper then the stores in the hotel or on carribean street. Food: Well the food was not very good.. the same food all the time. We never got sick so I guess thats a good thing. The a la carte resturants were good, we enjoyed them. The alcohol is very basic and not many international drinks to chose from. Bring your own mugs to keep the drinks cold beacuse the cups that they give you are small. Pool: It was nice, we only went in it once. We were at the ocean the whole time. the pool is bust with lots of drunks and young people! Rooms: Ask to be put near the frount of the beach or the pool. Our room was in the middle of this huge resort and it was a long walk to the beacheveryday. I feel sorry for people whose rooms were all the way at the back. Basic rooms. Kept very clean . Maids were Awesome! never any problems with anything being taken from our rooms. Use the safe though. Don't lose the key 50us dollars to replace!Weather: Awesome, couldn't of asked for better! No rain only once at night time .... sun, sun, sun and more sun... It was hot..so bring lots of sun screen and hats.Entertainment! : Was funny and great! we loved it... the main guy who does all of the hosting and runs the animation was so funny and we loved him.. The shows aren't las vegas style but they are a great way to pass the evening and we laughed at them. During the day they had the entertainment by the pool, we werent there that much.Overall a great vacation. We had a lot of fun and enjoyed ourselves a lot. Beautiful gardens and beach. Lots of stuff do do and the people were very nice to us. I wouldn't say that it is a 5 star resort more of a 3 1\/2 - 4 star. But You can use the bambu which is next door and was very nice as well.. the only thing with the Riu bambu is that one afternoon while we were eating lunch in the restartant we found bugs.. i mena lots of bugs in our soup... it was really gross.. but we didnt' let it ruin our trip. Be careful for ant bites i got them everywhere all over my legs and feet. It was really annoying... and there were a lot of flies everywhere. But we didnt' bring any bug spray so you might want to bring it.! ","annotations":[]}