{"text":"What I've come to expect from a Marriott; Great Location; Helpful Staff I stayed at this Marriott for two nights during a layover between Washington and Delhi with my husband. I have Platinum status with Marriott, so I didn't consider staying anywhere else. I would agree with all of the comments about the outstanding service at this hotel. The concierge helped us out several times by providing great recommendations and perfect directions on how to navigate through town. They also recommended we take a local bus to the airport, instead of a longer route by tram and train or an incredibly expensive taxi.Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, but we were able to relax in the executive lounge while we waited. We ended up with a fantastic room at the front of the hotel and on the top floor. We had a good-sized terrace from where we could enjoy a great view of the canal across the street. The room itself was quite spacious and had all of the amentities you would expect from a Marriott. The US electric plug was wonderful. It was so nice not to have to worry about converters. It was just a little hard to find because it's under a cover, unlike the euro and UK ones.Breakfast was included with the package we booked, which was a great deal because it was 25 euros in the restaurant downstairs. The breakfast buffet was very good. A huge selection of bread, cheese, fruit and hot dishes. We thoroughly enjoyed it, but never would have paid 25 euros for it. Also, internet access in the rooms is incredibly expensive, but fortunately, we were able to use the computers in the executive lounge.The location is great. It's conveniently located to a lot of the sites, but you don't feel like you are in the middle of tourist central. It's just a short walk to the main museums. Across the street there's a large selection of restaurants and bars. And there are bus and tram stops just across the street, that can take you to almost anywhere you need to go. The Holland Casino is also located across the street. It's no Vegas, but it could provide an hour or two of entertainment and admission is free with passes from the hotel.We bought 2-day i amsterdam passes from the airport's tourism desk, which proved a very good value. They were able to answer all sorts of questions for us and they even booked tickets for the next day at the Anne Frank House. The line wasn't too long when we went because it was the end of the day, but I heard that the lines can be quite long during peak times. It's best to book tickets in advance.Back to the Marriott, I think the hotel is able to make up in service what it lacks in charm and character. I'd stay here again, especially if I was traveling on business, as the business services at the hotel seemed great. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1364,"mention":"bread","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":1359}]}