{"text":"Love Puerto Rico, ESJ a good enough choice Traded our Florida timeshare for the 2nd time in about 5 years to ESJ, our 3rd trip to PR. We like PR because it is a Real Place, with history,variety of landscapes and friendly proud people, not just built for tourists. Everywhere we went, including villages, looked fairly well maintained and prosperous.This time our unit #553 was like a hotel room with a small kitchen (apt. range, sink, full refrig, microwave, dishes for 4) Last time we had more space but in sight and sound of nearby airport. This time balcony overlooked ocean; well, actually rooftops and very noisy service area, but wide ocean view beyond.Double beds, lots of bamboo furniture with many drawers. Room had new looking blue\/green pattern carpeting, peach colored walls, tropic colored bedspreads and drapes. Table and chairs for 4. As exchangers we had no maid service which suited us fine. Bathroom had separate bath and toilet space, large sink and vanity space with closet and adequate hangers. Small soaps, extra tissue. Paper towels and dish cloth thingy in kitchen but no detergent.Not much contact with personnel but what we had was efficient and pleasant. Key cards did not always work for access doors to beach and pool. Watch that tricky gate to beach. Have to set it just right, punch in numbers and move quickly. I and many others got caught in between like a monkey in a cage and had to wait for assistance, but got used to it. Beach beautiful and long around the coast, great for walking and sunning but not many people using it for swimming, except on a holiday while we were there, lots of local families..Before, we went to Luquillo Beach along the coast to the east, famous and beautiful but we did not get there this timeWe (senior citizens) enjoyed just sitting on beach, reading (chairs $2.14 daily, towels free) and sitting around the pool. Rented Corolla from Hertz,, found out at last minute that our home insurance did not cover PR so had to buy expensive insurance; therefore we felt obligated to make good use of the car. Went to El Yunque rain forest one day, our 3rd time, but they have built a really nice visitor's center since last time with exhibits and facilities. We drove only as far as the tower and climbed up for the view, did not penetrate any farther. Lovely weather all the time we were there this week, 84 degrees and very little rain. Drove into Old San Juan, finally found parking garage. OUr car was equipped with GPS and we really used it but not always understandable in city and mountain villages with one way streets and detours. Traffic seems much much heavier than our last trip. Roads are good and well marked but lots of traffic and delays, even on the four lanes. We walked the usual tourist route, El Morro etc, in Old San Juan, had lunch near the cathedral.Husb wanted to drive into the mountainous interior. From an article in Que Pasa maga zine we chose Barranquitas with lunch stop in Aibonito and programmed car to take us by scenic mountain routes. It was that all right, round and round and up and down, good well marked roads but narrow and curving. Beautiful scenery of mountains. Had lunch at Aibonito and returned, did not make it to Barq.As previous reviews, we returned nearly every night to our fav restaurant, Mi Casita, also ate at Chili's across street from ESJ entrance gate. Minimarket in ESJ is well supplied but expensive. We bought breakfast supplies. There is a grocery store next door to Mi Casita. El San Juan resort and casino next door was a Wyndam property last trip. Expensive restaurants which we did not use this time. Casino took our money and did not pay off as well as last time so did not spend as much time there. Seems to have been ritzier and dressier when it was a Wyndam. ","annotations":[]}