{"text":"Melia Caribe Tropical is the place to stay! :-) It has been over six months since my stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical and I still felt compelled to write something great about the establishment. I am not really big on writing reviews about things, but I realized how much the reviews helped me before I went on my trip so I wanted to be a part of that. The resort was beautiful. It was very well maintained and the people were extremely helpful. We were lucky enough to be able to go Royal Service, which afforded us an air conditioned facility for check in, plush seating, and wonderful Mimosas! The staff there was very helpful and made sure that all of our questioned were answered and we had everything that we needed for the start of our stay. There was a little mix up with the rooms, which was handled in a very timely manner. The rooms were beautiful! Very clean, well laid out and the furniture and beds were quite comfortable. The air conditioner was a little tricky to operate but once we figured it out, it was phenomenal. We didn't spend lots of time in the rooms, but everything was always cleaned and I love the fact that they have bath sheets instead of mere towels, that was a definite bonus. The staff were not all fluent in English, but what can you really expect in a Spanish speaking country? I will say that more spoke English than didn't and they were all very eager to help in any way that they could. They were also very appreciative if you tried to speak their language, even if you probably suck at it like I do! LOL The Gabi restaurant at the Royal Service was great! The service was impeccable and the food was even better. All of our dining there was thoroughly enjoyed, but the menu can be limited at times so you definitely want to mix it up. The RS pool was also beautiful.... great temperature and it was never too crowded. Like many people have said, you have to be sure to make reservations at the other restaurants a day in advance. During our stay we tried the italian restaurant, La Gondola, the Mexican and the Dominican restaurant. The italian restaurant was nothing special. I actually found the food to be rather bland but still edible. The mexican was very flavorful, maybe a little too much at times, but enjoyable. The Dominican was really good and flavorful. The staff was always present and very ready to accomodate you with whatever you needed. Also... be careful of the things that you sign up to do when you are in the lobby of the hotel. The hotel is not responsible if things go wrong. For instance, we signed up to go to this dance club called the Cave. We waited in from of the hotel for an hour and no one showed up. We later find out that it had been cancelled and we were not notified. My friend had to go through two days of tracking the woman down to get our money back! It was totally ridiculous and one of the times that we really wished that we sopke the language! On the flip side, I would really recommend going ATVing! It was an amazing experience and the beach that they took us to was absolutely breath-taking! We also got the opportunity to go cave diving which was scary and amazing and a welcome break from the heat! I would recommend this hotel for anyone.... friends wanting to relax, honeymooners, families. It is a huge place with something for everyone! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2591,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":2587}]}