{"text":"Advice from a seasoned guest This was between my 20th and 30th stay at the City Inn Westminster Hotel. I don't remember exactly. However, this in itself, says a great deal about my experience of the place. I have only now been prompted to post this review because I think I have finally sussed the place out...well almost. Location: Excellent. Near enough to walk to Covent Garden, Regent Street, Wheel etc. But at the same time, lovely and quiet. Plus, you can feel very safe around and about the area. Facilities: Nice and contemporary design which they seem to be keeping reasonably fresh. On my past few visits I've felt that things have been starting to look tired but there is now evidence that they are freshening things up (new carpet, bit of decorating etc). Free WIFI is a massive selling point for me. Also the iMac in every room is a top notch idea. Showers are fantastic. This brings me onto the final point...Staff: 99% of the staff are not adequately fluent in English. Over my many, many stays at the hotel, I have (of course) had need to speak to staff regarding queries, small problems and a couple of serious problems (on this recent trip this involved a fairly serious leak in the bathroom which made the sink unusuable - we eventaully changed rooms). NONE of these things needed to have caused serious problems IF HANDLED CORRECTLY. However, in almost every case, there was a complete breakdown of communication which leads to unneccesary misunderstanding. It isn't until you speak to someone more senior, who clearly has a better grasp of the English language, that real progress can be made in resolving the issue. Don't get me wrong. I will continue to go back and back to this hotel. Infact I love it. But it could be so much better. So...Dear City Inn (if you're reading this),Please give your staff some additional literacy training. The hotel is in London. Not on the continent. Keep on top of the hotel design. The minimalist look that you achieved so succesfully, will only last so long. You must keep freshening this up. Build a swimming pool and spa: this will make it one of the best hotels in London. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":520,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":516}]}