{"text":"An absolute gem We highly recommend the Hotel Corona d'Italia for its excellent location within Florence, being easy walking distance to... well, just about everything! It's 5 mins walk at most from the main train station, there are plentiful restaurants nearby (particularly recommend a small square at the back of the main market building for excellent choices), and it is slap back next to a wonderful street market.It's also on ly 5-10 mins, depending on your pace, to all the main sites such as the Duomo, Uffizi, etc and another 5 mins to the Ponte Vecchio.Standard throughout was superb in terms of cleanliness (the maids turned our jumble of a room every day into its original pristine sparkling state), hospitality and friendliness. We were running late on arrival at Pisa (overbooking of shuttle bus to Florence, make sure you get your purchased ticket checked to guarantee a seat!) and phoned ahead to ensure our room was safe (it was!), and by the time we walked into reception at 10pm were greated by name before we even opened our mouths! ALL staff were extremely friendly, from reception, to breakfast room to bar. They were so helpful, booking trips, offering maps, advising on restaurants and bars etc.The free breakfast was from 7-10am daily - very civilised, catering for those on business or holiday - and was plentiful, and frequently restocked. As mentioned by other reviewers, the coffee oddly left a lot to be desired, leaving a rather unpleasant after-taste - a once-tried, never again experience!The room was a good size (smallish, but definitely not cramped like we are used to!), well equipped (other than the appalling hairdrier - take your own!) and so spoltlessly clean. Bed was very firm, it has to be said, but we'd had that much Chianti each night we hardly noticed! Our room was at the back on the top floor and so we heard absolutely no sound at all, only birdsong and chuch bells chiming to wake us! Not sure it would be quite so quiet on the front, but the windows are doubled glazed and shuttered, both of which seemed very effective on light and noise.Florence was a lovely surprise in terms of its abundant pedestrianisation and the prices being far better than expected (though that may be because we're from the UK. In general, food and drink was cheaper than the equivalent at home.)The hotel was located next to a superb daily market mainly of leather goods, silks, and gorgeous bags, including the odd traditional gaudy souvenir stall. There was also a large indoor market selling the most amazing fresh food. Had we not stayed here, we might not have explored the market fully and would have missed some great bargains. Would happily stay here again and highly recommend it. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1410,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1404},{"endOffset":1410,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1404}]}