{"text":"Resort Shmesort; Stay Away! This is the first time in my 32 yrs of life that I have taken the time to write a review. My boyfriend and my experience was so bad at this resort that I felt that it was my duty to write. It was so ridiculious that I almost want to call John Stossel from 20\/20 and tell him about the Villa Montana resort as it provides perfect content for his Give Me A Break reports.Some highlights from our trip:Due to an average rainfall, the road to the resort was flooded enough that not even a SUV could get by and the front desk had no clear solution or timeframe as to when we would be able to drive through. This was our first experience of the you are on your own mentality at this place. This behavior would be more acceptable if Villa Montana called itself a condominium complex, not a resort it claimes to be. Let me point out that this is after 2.5 hrs of driving over the speed limit from San Juan despite the website indicating it is a 1.5 hr drive. In summary, we had no way to get to the resort for hours and there is NOTHING in this area other than some manufacturing facilities (Hewlett Packard, Tyco) and a couple of very bad and overpriced restaurants with extremely depressing atmospheres making us wish we had vacationed in Secaucas, NJ.Don't expect fresh fish or fresh produce. The restaurant at the resort and a seafood restaurant down the street both served frozen fish for the price of an expensive New York City restaurant. Entrees were $20-$40. There are no other food options in the area. The only place we were excited about was this little food stand outside of the resort but unfortunately it was never open....the stand guy must have taken a vacation or something.Given the hassle we experienced, they upgraded us to a 1 bedroom villa. While the room, superficially, looked somewhat charming, the infestation of ants in both the bathroom and kitchen was annoying. Although we we were aware that these ants were harmless, it was hard to relax when our toothbrushes we were about to use or the pinapples we were excited to eat, particularly given the depressing food options, were covered in ants. We called the front desk and told them of the ants issue, and although they said they would have someone come to resolve the problem, no one came. The beaches are not nice either. In fact, on our walk down the 3 miles of untouched beach Villa Montana writes about on its website, we came across trash that truly amazed us. The more interesting ones included a rusted sofa bed and washer\/dryer. I wish I had my camera for that walk.I could go on and on about our bad experiences if I had the time or energy. In summary, although the landscape at the restaurant and pool are actually very pretty (this must explain why Vogue and Elle magazines did photo shoots here), there is NOTHING else appealing about this place. The place is in a romote manufacturing area, the beaches are dirty, the service is horrible, and the food options are beyond depressing. We were happy to get back to New York City and need a vacation from that trip. ","annotations":[]}