{"text":"Wonderful escape from Toronto winter! Just returned from a wonderful week at Dreams in Punta Cana. We usually prefer adventure travel but the rest and relaxation of an all-inclusive was needed and Dreams met all our expectations.We had no difficulties from check-in to check-out despite the resort being full to capacity. We arrived late, check-in was a breeze and our room was waiting for us. We were in building closer to the beach, which was a bit of walk to the main building but that was fine. The room was comfortable, clean and nicely, if a bit blandly decorated. We needed a room with two beds (they were doubles which was a bit small for a couple) and the room was also a bit cramped for three people. We were on the third floor, which wasn't a problem and we had a nice balcony with a lovely view of the pool and the beautifully landscaped grounds. The only real criticism of the room was the single door between the adjoining room which allowed for annoying transfer of snoring sounds, talking, TV and the smell of cigarette smoke. A double door would have provided better insulation. As mentioned the resort was beautifully landscaped with tropical plants, palm trees, flamingos and fish in ponds and parrots in the trees. All the buildings and walkways were immaculate and were constantly cleaned and maintained. There was some work being done on up-grading the terrace near the Sugar Reef bar near a the beach but it was quite unobtrusive. The pool, which runs the length of the resort down to the beach was wonderful for swimming and the design prevented congestion and crowding. Lots of foam mats were available for floating down the pool under the Dominican sun. The beach was good, with lots of cots in the sun and shade, bar service and a great barbeque. Still had to deal with the annoying resort practice of having to wake up before 8am to claim a preferred spot under a thatched umbrella (which we weren't always successful in securing) but there was also plenty of other shade on the beach and we never had a problem finding a comfortable spot. The ocean was pretty calm due to a close off-shore reef despite constant strong winds There was a problem with rocks in the water at the main beach but it was perfect in the bay just to the left of the water trampoline.The water was not crystal clear at the edge but there was no difficulty walking in past the sandy surf and it was great for swimming, floating or bobbing in the gentle waves. Also had some great long walks down the beach to the left of the resort.All the staff were exceptionally friendly and warm. Everyone made a point of greeting you with hola as you walked by. The wait staff in the restaurants were very attentive and tried hard to please, despite limited English. The entertainment team was fantastic and they worked hard, using their enthusiasm and Dominican charm to make the stay fun. We enjoyed the shows, the dance lessons and it was fun to practice our newly-learned merengue steps in the disco with these talented guys. 50-cent made a special effort to connect with my teenage daughter and that was great fun for her. All the staff work very hard, for long hours and for low pay. Tipping is not expected but much appreciated and we wish we had been better prepared with lots of $1 and $5 US bills, as it was hard to get change from the front desk.We went on one trip off the resort, the 'Outback Safari which gave us a view of the Dominican countryside and a glimpse into life outside the gates. Learned a lot from our very intelligent and knowledgeable guide. It was a fun day, with great boogy boarding at the end of the day. The only down-side of the vacation was the food. While it was plentiful and unlimited with great variety, the quality and flavour wasn't great. The wait at the the a la carte restaurants was often long and the meals disappointing. We had our best meal at the Bordeaux and our worst at the Mexican. It was impossible to get into the Japanese. Breakfasts at the main buffet restaurant were fine, although the size of the room made it very noisy and the decor could use some improvement. All in all, it was a great week away from the cold and snow and I'd definitely recommend Dreams Punta Cana. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":779,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":775},{"endOffset":2974,"mention":"merengue","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Meringue"],"startOffset":2966},{"endOffset":4172,"mention":"snow","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Snow_cream"],"startOffset":4168}]}