{"text":"Fantastic holiday in paradise! Just got back from the most amazing time ever in beatiful Bali. We stayed at the Bali Hyatt for a total of 11 nights. The only bad thing to say that it was not long enough and we really didn't want to come home! A lot of the reviews we read before we booked referred to the hotel as a bit dated. Having stayed at and experienced some of the best hotels in the world, there was simply nothing bad at all about this hotel. Our room was very spacious with a lovely marble bathroom complete with bath and seperate shower. We had a garden room which had a lovely view and was very private. The staff were amazing, so friendly and always has a smile on their face. From manager to cleaner to maintenance guy, everyone took time to greet you and say helo every time they passed you in the hotel. All the facilities were excellent. The pools were very clean, most of the time quiet and very exotic. The gardens were so lush and the lobby and main bar area very relaxing. Food was delicious and although a meal tended to be less expensive in one of the many restaurants in the town, it was still very reasonably priced (evening meal for 2 with a bottle of wine in hotel cost aprox 拢25). We also had time to try the spa facilities which were top class and once again very reasonably priced. Sanur town is aprox 30 mins from the airport and will cost about 拢4.50 in a metred taxi so don't bother with a transfer if you want to save more money. There were plenty of good restaurants and bars along the main strip in Sanur, with Cafe Jepun and The Village being particularly excellent. If you are thinking of hiring a car then ensure you take an international driving licence as we were refused a tourist licence by the police, but be prepared as driving in Bali is among the craziest we've ever come accross, with hardly any road signs just to make it even more difficult. We hired a driver in the end which cost us 拢20 for ten hours driving anywhere you like! All in all, bali was excellent and if you want a little piece of paradise where everyone has a smile on their face then look no further.Ciaran  Vicki (Reading) ","annotations":[]}