{"text":"Loved the Grand Palladium Bavaro We stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavara July 9-16, 2008 with a wide range of family (16-73 yrs.) so we were looking for a place with variety and this was it!Rooms - pleasantly surprised by upgrades and the request to be near others. This place is huge - and it's helpful for groups to be somewhat close to each other. Our rooms were clean, made up every day (with flowers). Shortage of soap, but the maid was thrilled when I asked her for some in spanish with my book -- get a quick spanish guide to help you out -- it's great and they love it!Beach - lovely. We had chairs, coverage, etc. Vendors -- just say no thank you if you don't want to talk. We had a great time on these gorgeous beaches. Pool: Great - and fun! Activities at 3pm with POP were perfect for when we migrated to the pool and bar after a day at the beach. Those folks are so personable and fun -- the appealed to everyone from the 16 year old to the 73 year old! Just what we were looking for!We stayed at the Bavaro area since we wanted to be near the disco and sports bar, with young adults going out and getting back to their rooms -- it was better. Hemingways -- excellent -- some quiet time with a drink -- perfect at the end of the evening in this lovely spot. We also enjoyed the evening shows -- MJ - great - others were great fun!Food: some liked it, some didn't. Buffets were good - some days better than others. Breakfast was always great. A la cartes were easy to get in to -- I personally enjoyed the italian and japanese restaurants.Drinks were plentiful and plenty strong at any bar I went to in the resort.Some actvities our group did: parasailing, banana boat, massages on the beach, facials at the spa. All were great!We did a 4 hour snorkeling trip booked through Apple -- snorkeling with nurse sharks and sting rays -- soooo much fun-- excellent group of people!All in all, the rnage was from it was ok to 'excellent -- some are going back in March. Bottom line - you can't please everyone - but this place had the opportunity to try and do it if you were willing! ","annotations":[]}