{"text":"What is Good Design? Billing itself as THE Dutch Design Hotel, I think Artemis comes up short .I was always of the understanding that good design is not just about style but also about functionality and it is here that Artemis goes way off piste. Consider: Where would one expect to find a lightbulb? Above a mirror adjacent to the hair drier? In the shower cubicle? Not at Artemis, here you shower and dry your hair in the dark or half light if you're lucky! And what about those little things like the full length mirror. For 2 days I complained a bout a lack of one until I discovered it behind the inner door - handy location! The desk chair I sat on to draft this review looked great but boy, after only 5 minutes I had a numb bum as it was unpadded. So, how does one work at the desk? answer, by using a bed pillow to sit on - a great look I'm sure you'll agree. Lastly, and to THE most annoying aspect (aside from the unsealed oak floors and soaked in wine stains together with the tip toe of stilettos on ones head morning and night) is the positioning of the light switches. Not content with poor task lighting, even turning them on is difficult! Some lights are controlled by switches one side of the bed and some the other; so you toss and turn in bed before even going to sleep. Then there is the bathroom; the door opens to the left and so guess where the light switch is placed? Yup, you've guessed it, on the left, behind the door, this coupled with the fact that the bathroom door opened tightly against the bed effectively seals the switch from your grasp. But, with glass doors and a light sleeping partner, perhaps it was done on purpose - you know - don't turn me on you'll wake them up!Lugging baggage up and down to reception on arrival after being checked into an occupied room, TV not tuned, no air con in the gym, lack of storage for 2 persons clothes, and baggage, no laundry bag or list ( I only found out on leaving there was a laundry service), overpriced breakfast 17.50 euros, 10 minute walk to the nearest tram stop and a good 30 mins on a tram to the centre of town, would I stay here again? What's your guess? ","annotations":[]}