{"text":"An Average Resort... My husband and I returned from the Grand Palladium Punta Cana yesterday. We are in our early thirties and this is our second Caribbean experience, our first in Cuba\/Varadero. We booked our vacation through Signature Vacations and flew with Sky Service. Sky Service is of course not the best airline to travel with, but one gets what one pays for. We arrived at the resort at 1 o`clock in the afternoon. Our check in was fairly quick, however, our room was not ready for an hour after our arrival. While waiting we had lunch and couple of drinks and thought the hotel grounds were well kept and very nice. Our room was 7325 which was close to the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Pool and not far from the beach. It was also really close to the Punta Cana section dining buffet. Our roomwas spacious and very clean. The king size bed was very comfortable, the fridge was filled with soft drinks and beer (replenished every other day), and there was an iron and ironing board as well as a hair dryer available for our use. Although we were somewhat satisfied with the resort and what it had to offer, we had a few bumps in the road. We thought the weakest point of the resort was housekeeping; in particular we had some issues with towels. They took our towels away after the first day and didn't give us even hand towels until our 4th day. If I hadn't asked for bath towels, we likely would have been without any towels for a number of days. Each day We left a dollar tip for our chamber maid, and one day she simply took the tip and didnt touch anything, not even making our bed.Beach towels were free and you can refresh them every day, so no need to bring your own beach towels. In my opinion,the biggest obstacle was to get a chair at the pool or even at the beach. If you wanted a chair under shade you had to get up at six o`clock in the morning to reserve them. There is enough space around the pool, but not enough chairs. It is impossible to get a chair at the pool after 8am! We actually prefered the beach over the pool, but in this resorts case we had to opt for the pool as it was extremely windy at the beach. Maybe it was the season but it was very windy. The punta cana section pool was a little inland and therefore was protected. I was a little dissapointed with the beach, as it was sort of small and there was not nearly enough chairs. I think due to the season it was extremely windy and the ocean was rough. I was expecting to enjoy pristine water, but thatdidnt happen. The food was not great, although definetely tolerable. I am a very picky eater and I usually found something to eat. We learned a lesson from the previous Caribbean experience in not experimenting with the a la carte restaurants. I think you have many more choices at the buffet and you can find something you can tolerate or even enjoy, if you dont like your food at the restaurant you end up hungry and frustrated.. The hotel staff was very friendly, and we didnt encounter any problems at all. I think if you approach them with a nice and friendly attitude they will respond accordingly. One problem with the staff was that, with the exception of the reception, they dont know English well, but getting by shouldn't be a problem. We noticed people didnt tip after meals or drinks when they leave the table, please do tip them a dollar or two, they work really hard!There are a couple things that really annoyed me that I feel obligated to mention: We didnt have hot water in our room on our last night until 9 oclock at night. The other thing is, we saw a coachroach in the hallway and the next day in our room, which was very surprising considering the cleanliness of the resort.We took 2 excursions, one called Bavaro Splash and the other Saona Island. I would recommend the both of them. One can enjoy riding a private speed boat and some basic snorkelling with the Bavaro Splash\/speed venture. You could also have a great day experiencing the Saona Island tour. YOu should bring some water shoes for the Saona Island trip as it is fairly rocky on the island beach.All in all, we were satisfied with what we got for our money. You should know that, although it was advertised a 5 star resort it is more like a 4 star. ","annotations":[]}