{"text":"A good stay, could have been better though I just got back from two nights at the City Inn, and had a good time, but the hotel was lacking something...Check-in was a bit of a disaster - they had no idea about the rate I had booked online (Autumn preview - breakfast, champagne on arrival, late check-out etc), even though I booked directly through the hotels website! After some careful explaining on my part, I received what I was expecting, and some extra drinks vouchers (much appreciated in the Millbank Lounge)!There was also some confusion about payment - I had checked before booking that if I paid in advance for the rate on another persons debit card, there would be no problem (the trip was a birthday present). However, it turns out that the rate was not pre-paid and so I had to pay - not a problem as it turns out, but could have been a problem for others. Was just irratating as I had specifically checked this, but oh well.The room we had was amazing, really spacious and great views from the 11th floor, no complaints at all here. Very modern and clean room, much better than others I have stayed at in London.Location - the area itself was great, very safe and a few minutes walk to the Thames. Westminster tube was about 10 mins walk away, lovely route. I enjoy exploring and walking, but the location may not be ideal for those who want a tube a bit closer for added convenience.The staff at breakfast were very friendly, but all seemed very disorganised (down to management, very chaotic). This disorganisation seemed apparent throughout our stay, every member of staff was very friendly, but not always very knowledgeable or well trained, so this area could be improved.Overall, I did really enjoy the City Inn (even though I have seemed a little negative!)! The hotel itself is lovely, and the location is good and quiet. If the staff were better managed\/trained, I think this hotel could be even better. But for the price, this is a great place to stay in London. ","annotations":[]}