{"text":"Two sleepless nights... We arrived at the Ohana West just along the street at 1am after a 9 hour flight, to find that our pre-cruise one night booking hadn't been correctly confirmed, and that only one room had been booked instead of two (we were travelling with friends). Hotel was full. Friday night at 1am the noise in the street was deafening. The receptionist eventually got us into the Wyland, 4 blocks away, so we dragged our luggage down to the Wyland - running the gaunlet of the noisy drunks. A great start...Bryan, the night porter sorted us out the two rooms efficiently. Oh such bliss, such a nice tasteful foyer, clean and modern. The room was tastefully furnished but twin bedded. Hey, we were glad of any bed by this stage. The bliss was short-lived. We were in room 305. Tip: odd numbers are on the street side... Book an even numbered room, as high up as you can get, with the bedding arrangements your secondary consideration...The noise outside was such that no sleep at all was possible until well after 3am. Harley Davisons (there are lots around), cars with boom box stereos, shouting drunks, police sirens, you name it, we had it. A terrible night. Why can't they fit double glazing? Is is that difficult these days?We weren't offered the free breakfast (thank goodness), but did elect to stay the following Saturday night, as the original hotel was a worse nightmare waiting to happen - and they were full - again, anyway and we confirmed a pool facing room, expecting that to be fine.Needless to say, the following Saturday, we arrived early after the cruise, dumped our bags with a helpful Rudi, and returned to occupy the room at 1pm. Very nice indeed - on the surface. We had just had 7 wonderful days on the Pride Of America and we were well used to the whisper quiet cabin air conditioning and totally quiet nights.If we thought that just shifting to a pool facing room was going to resolve the noise issue, we were unfortunately wrong. We were allocated a corner room - 302, pool side but not overlooking the pool... which during the day had the bonus of a side window, albeit, overlooking the convenience store.All that happened was that instead of the room noise at night coming in via the ranchsliders, it came in via the side window... What was even worse was that that some bright spark had postioned the wall mounted aircon unit, the width of the bedside table away - about bed sleeping height, level with the head. (The beds are very high...) We hoped that this would at least mask the street noise, as it made a fair amount of noise of its own.Option 1 - switch it off - but it was far too hot.Option 2 - switch the very noisy unit on, but suffer the cold draft on your back or shoulders, as there was no way of directing the air upwards.At 3.30am, when the last shouting drunk had been sorted and the bikies had gone home, I decided to sleep on the floor - until my dear wife who was also still struggling to get any sleep, suggested we strip the bed and relocate the pillows to the foot of the bed. That worked well - but as we had to be up at 5:45am, we still didn't get much sleep.Its a shame, as the ambience of the place is very pleasant, the outdoor spa is spot on. Internet access was free. Joanna, running the bar, suggested we eat at Nick's Fish Market. We did. The most expensive meal I have ever had in my life... She's an attractive girl, so when we returned, she confirmed of course that she rarely had to pay... But that is not relevant to a Wyland review.Stay by all means, and if you can avoid the street noise, you'll probably enjoy it. It's certainly a far classier place than our original package booking, but once again, a frustrating loss of sleep ruining what should have been a relaxing couple of days. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":610,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":606}]}