{"text":"a 5 star hotel I was very nervous after booking our vacation to see the reviews that were posted. Our plane landed just before Hurricane Omar was to arrive. We rented our car and took off towards the hotel.The traffic was slow because of the rain and the traffic lights. Route 3 has a lot of traffic lights. It took us 1 1\/2 hours to get to the hotel, but on the return trip only 45 minutes. The hotel was on shortened staff because of the hurricane, but still we got into our room, which was very nice, very quickly. We were told that most of the restaurants were closing early and that the casino would not be open that night. That was understandable. The next day, the staff was at full force and little by little all the services returned. The pool was clean even after the hurricane. The beach was not, unfortunately. But after a few days, the water cleared up. But a lot of coral, so if you need to go in the ocean, bring water shoes. I heard that Trump is going to clean it up, but who knows when. The beds around the pool are great. We paid $50. for 2 days. It was well worth it. Comfortable, cool and shady. They do have a lot of lounge chairs and umbrellas around the pool, but eventually the sun gets to you. The restaurants are OK. We ate Asian one night, not that expensive,Italian another night, not that expensive, (NY prices) The cafe which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner cost more. They have buffets for breakfast and dinner. Breakfast was $15. for continental, which included anything cold, and the regular buffet was $22.00. Not worth it unless you had a very big appetite. Check it out and judge for yourself. We never ate dinner there. It didn't look like it was worth it. We ate one night at Riches, which was a restaurant that would come and pick you up and bring you back. They had a mixture Puerto Rican or American food, so you could enjoy anything you wanted. The view was magnifcent.Bring your camera. If you have a car and want to experience some real PR cuisine, go left on Rt. 3 towards Luquillo. You will see a sign that says Kiosks. Exit on the right and make a left turn under the highway and then another left turn and go into where the Kiosks are. There are numerous food establishments that sell local food. The first place was really good. Well, that is all I can say. The hotel was great, even the casino. We won, but then put it back, but the odds were better here than in the other casinos we played at. The $1.00 machines paid the best. Enjioy yourself, we did. ","annotations":[]}