{"text":"Superb customer service As I expected, after reading the unbelievably glowing reports of the Casablanca - the concierge service and general friendliness of the staff was absolutely excellent. The only reason I haven't given the hotel the same kind of review is because of a few minor things, but none of them serious.Yes, the complimentary breakfast is really useful, but after 7 days it was a bit samey - but remember, this is FREE!! so no real complaints there.We didn't really make use of the free cheese and wine as we were out virtually all day and into the night, but I did use it on our first night and was stunned at the quality of the wine and cheese available - shame it didn't start sooner and end later as we would have used it every day. If you're the sort of tourist who likes a 9-5 day with an evening out after getting changed, then this is ideal for you.We were in the hotel over Thanksgiving, so it was pretty packed but we never had a problem getting a table at Rick's cafe. Noise - didn't affect us at all, all you need to do is ask for a quiet room, we were on the sixth floor. In fact I was absolutely amazed at how quiet the hotel was considering that THE noisiest and busiest place in the world - Times Square is literally 30 yards away!Our toilet got blocked too (is this a hotel plumbing problem?), but there was no problem getting it unblocked. I was surprised to hear that another reviewer met an unhelpful member of staff, as everyone we met was superb. Considering some of the ridiculous requests we heard in the breakfast area from some of the guests, I'm amazed that the staff were so courteous. I sometimes wonder why people go on holiday at all if they only like things done in a certain way.Yes, the room was small but we weren't really in the room for long enough periods for this to be a problem. Towels changed every day as were the toiletries.We also received a free bottle of champagne, as it was our wedding anniversary - this seems to be standard practice now for decent hotels if you mention a special celebration. I just hope people don't start abusing this and make up a birthday just to get a free bottle of bubbly.Overall, our stay at the Casablanca was brilliant and I have no hesitation in recommending it - but don't go there if you like faceless corporate hotels. ","annotations":[]}