{"text":"Awesome Vacation My husband and I along with another couple (ages 27-30) stayed here July 8-12. We booked through Apple Vacations and upgraded to the Royal Golden. Our flight was with USA 3000. They are great! The airport in DR was pretty awesome. It is open air with thatched roofs. Going through customs was a breeze. You will need $10 each for a tourist card. We found our Apple Rep and he told us what van to go to. I recommend letting them take your luggage because he led us right to our van. (same thing when you leave to go home) It would have taken us awhile to find it otherwise. The bus ride was about 30-40 minutes to get to the resort.Once at the resort we checked in. If you upgrade to the Golden you will have a separate area to check in. Before you enter the lobby go to your left past the Japanese restaurant and lobby shop and you will see it. Check in was a breeze. The other people that checked in received white bracelets and we go silver. The difference is that silver means you have stayed at a Bahia resort before and we go our safe for free and free polo shirts. With the Golden upgrade you have access to the whole resort. You can use any of the pools or restaurants. Our rooms were not ready yet when we checked in which was expected so we changed in our suits (put them in you carryon) and headed to the snack bar for a quick bite then to the beach. **There are many different color wristbands. One color is for the Punta Cana side only, another for the Bravaro side only, one for the Premier, one for kids, one for golden, one for returning guests.Our rooms were awesome. We were in Villa 22, This was great because it was near the seafood and mexican restaurant which had a buffet for breakfast and lunch. Also it was close to the beach. The maid had towel art for us everyday. Since we were golden we had our beach towels delivered every night. They have plenty of ammenities in the room. The bathroom includes shampoo, lotion, bath gel, toothbrush, toothpaste, shave cream and razor, shower cap, sewing kit. Our fridge was stocked every day. We had no problem finding chairs. We would normally spend the morning at the beach and the afternoon at the pool. We only used the diamond pool and the premier pool. The premier pool is quiet and the chairs have cushions on them. The premier snack bar was the best. Highly suggest taking a insulated mug for your drinks. They help a lot!!!!We ate at the Seafood and Japanese restaurant. Both were great. Had no problems. I am a VERY picky eater and I was able to find something to eat everyday. I suggest that if you are a picky eater to bring some snack food with you though. Plus it came in handy to have a snack in your room. We did do room service one day and it was there in less than 45 minutes. (24 hour room service included with golden) I have to agree with everyone that the lobby bar makes the best drinks. We did go into the village one night and went to the casino. Very small but I won so I was happy. The slot machines only go up to 25 cents and there are only a handful of tables. We went to the disco to check it out but neither of the husbands are real dancers so we didn't stay long. But it looked like fun. Overall we were impressed with this hotel. Yes it is big but wasn't too big for us. It only took less than 10 minutes to walk from one end to the other or you can take a tram (one tram is always by the lobby, one is always by the beach and one is running between. so the lobby tram does not leave until another tram is there. Same for the beach tram.....hope that makes sense) I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":932,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":927},{"endOffset":2377,"mention":"mug","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Mug_Root_Beer"],"startOffset":2374}]}