{"text":"Ignore bad reviews! My boyfriend and I (I'm 27, he is 30) stayed at Bavaro Princess from 3\/19-3\/24. We chose this resort based on the recommendation of a friend before doing any research. We booked, then began to research the resort and found many negative reviews. After reading those reviews we became extremely nervous. I am so glad to say that those reviews could not have been more wrong! We booked Platinum, which I highly recommend. We arrived around noon on our first day and were a little disappointed to learn that check-in was not until 3! We went to the Platinum Lounge for check-in anyway and were pleasantly surprised to find that our room was ready. Juan (the Platinum Lounge attendant) was more than accomodating and got us on our way in about 5 minutes. He also gave us advice on many things throughout our stay.The suite was amazing. Our suite was 783, very close to the beach and main pool. It was HUGE and looked identical to the pictures you see in the reviews. It was very clean and the maid was extremely friendly throughout the week. She always put tropical flowers on our bed after making it! We had no problems with hot water or water pressure throughout our 6 days there. I did not see any insects or mold either. The resort was beautiful, clean, and perfectly maintained. My boyfriend commented that he had been looking for a few days and had not seen one single piece of trash anywhere. Another thing we found fascinating was how hard the people worked. The entertainment staff taught aerobics on the beach in the morning and worked late into the night putting on the evening shows. The shows are not boring like people say on here. No, they are not broadway productions, but they are funny and entertaining. Yes, they were a bit cheesy at times, but we had such an appreciation for how hard these young people worked! The thing that I was most nervous about was the food. My boyfriend can be a tough critic of even fine dining restaurants here in the States, so I was really scared he would hate the food there! He LOVED the food. With the exception of one dinner, he loved everything. He didn't really care for the pork he ordered at Sakura, but thought everything else was excellent. I'm not going to go on about every a la carte restaurant, bc you can read all about them on other reviews. But-our absolute favorite (and we did eat at Licey) was Tanuki. It is a Japanese steakhouse (where they cook the food in front of you) and we actually ended up eating there twice. They serve steak, chicken, shrimp, and salmon after starting out with appetizers of assorted sushi and soups. We did the buffets for breakfast and lunch and a la carte restaurants for dinner. Neither of us even got an upset stomach the entire time we were there and we both ate a little of everything. With our platinum bracelet we got lots of little extras. Free use of internet, free 20 minute massage (excellent), dinner at Licey, free snorkeling, etc. The one thing they don't tell you, and my boyfriend found this to be crucial, was that you can only get bottled beer if you have a platinum bracelet. Otherwise they give it to you from a tap. The only things we paid for were horseback riding on the beach and a manicure (for me) at the spa. The horseback riding was fun, but the horses were very skinny which is why I probably wouldn't do it again. I have been to many islands and lots of different resorts and this was by far one the best. You just have to keep in mind that you are not in America. Be open to new foods and new things and you will love this resort. The workers were very friendly and we found the service to be very quick and very good. We did tip (we spent about $100 in 6 days there) bartenders, our maid, servers, chefs, etc. Remember a dollar or two here or there goes a long way! We definitely didn't want to leave and plan to go back very soon! It is an excellent resort for people of all ages! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2611,"mention":"soups","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Soup"],"startOffset":2606}]}