{"text":"Not Quite Perfect While the Sheraton compares favorably to the other five star hotels in Sydney, it fell short of what I expect from a premeire SPG property and International five star level of service.I had two rooms during my five night stay. Upon check in the first night I was given a room with twin beds while my reservation was for a non-smoking king. I am a base SPG member (previously a Gold ). It was too late in the night to complain and get a new room. The twin beds were not suitable for a 6' tall person.The room features, cleanliness and functionality were commensurate with a five star property.When I changed rooms for the 3rd through 5th night I was told that they would roll my account into the new room. While on business I like to separate accomodation charges from food and beverage for my expenses. Upon checkout I found that my room was closed out and it was not possible to separate the bill without a manual invoice.I had to leave before the day manager could whip up a manual invoice.The concierge was capable and helped me with a movie reservation.One of the low points of the hotel are the very ordinary service upon check in. No one helped with luggage on my way in or out. Not acceptable for a five star hotel.The other thing is the very dear price for food and extras. Internet is $30, two trousers and three shirts was almost $70 standard service and a charge for excersise room if you are not SPG gold or above.While the room service food was quite good, the price far excedes any of the other five star hotels I have been in Sydney; Hilton, IC and Swiss Hotel. There are better values in town. Drop downstairs on Casteleigh street and get an egg sandwich and espresso for $6!If not for the poor welcome and check out experience, I would definitely stay here again on my return and eat out but I will try another hotel just because of this.Caution if you are not on an unlimited expense account. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1688,"mention":"egg sandwich","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Egg_sandwich"],"startOffset":1676}]}