{"text":"A Very 3-Star Experience at the Swissotel Sydney On planning my first trip back to Australia after an 8 year hiatus, I was looking for a centrally located property with superior facilities and a very high level of personal service. After significant online research, I unfortunately selected the Swissotel. While the location is certainly very central there were plenty of other higher-end properties within a 5 block radius. Unlike most of the other properties, this hotel does not have any form of driveway, port cochere, etc. , so the taxi driver has no choice but to drop their passengers curbside. Rather, as close to curbside as possible - This is a VERY busy city street; the hotel is located directly opposite a major theatre and is technically within the physical building of a major department store. When I arrived, there were already cars double parked in front of the tiny hotel entry way, so I was let off in the middle of the street with no bellman in sight. After dragging my bags into the the street level micro-lobby, I was directed to the 8th floor for a proper check in. There was a huge line-up at checkin, but my room was actually ready. I had booked a junior suite and that is the room type I got. The room itself was respectable, clean, and generously proportioned. Unlike many other reviewers, I found the bed to be quite comfortable - it is rather firm, but of a good quality with above average bedding materials. The inclusion of an in-room Nespresso coffee machine was a very nice touch. The rest of the room was rather unspectacular. Think Sheraton Four Points - not at all bad, but not 5 star. The biggest failing of this hotel was the staff. They were all very young and inexperienced and it really showed. The front desk staff maintained a calm pleasant demeanor, but were unable to process all but the most simple of basic service requests. If you were not out of your room by 1pm forget about getting the room serviced - It is not possible was the reply from housekeeping. The lone bright spots in service were the executive lounge staff who were very competent, albeit not as personable and friendly as is the norm. The biggest standout surprise was the hotel security - this gentelman actually seemed to function as more of a manager than the duty managers did. He actually repsonded directly to guest concerns and after a few days, I noticed other guests actually seeking him out for resolution of their issues.I noticed that many of the positive reviews of this property were from those staying a short time (1 to 3 days) Perhaps that, combined with some rather attractive online pricing makes this more of an aspirational 5 star - entry level luxury if you will. The bottom line - if you get the hotel at a favorable rate and are looking for clean and close you'll probably be just fine. If, however, you are looking for something special - keep looking. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1484,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1478},{"endOffset":1508,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1504}]}