{"text":"Homewood Suites is Awful and Unclean We booked this hotel during Bumbershoot (Seattle's arts and music festival), and stayed there for three days and four nights. Our stay was barely short of a nightmare, and had we spend more time in our room I probably would have gone insane. Our room was not cleaned once during our entire stay. Every day the maid came by at 9am and we told her we were stepping out soon and to come back in about fifteen minutes. When we came home in the evenings after the festival was winding down for the night, we found our room had not been cleaned and the linen had not been changed. On the third day I specifically called the front desk and told them we were stepping out and to please send housekeeping up to bring fresh towels and fresh linen. When we got home that night there were a stack of towels scattered beside the door (like someone opened the door and threw them in), but the room had not been cleaned, the old towels had not been collected, and the bedding had not been changed. I went down to the front desk to complain, but they told me they didn't have any housekeeping personnel on shift at the time, and sent a maintenance man to our room to change the bedding. It took him almost a half hour to change the bedding, which was quite annoying since it was after midnight and we were exhausted.On top of that, the hotel does not have a parking lot. You can park on the curb for free (nearly impossible and not safe given its industrial downtown location), or you can pay $15 a night to park in their parking garage. The garage is under the hotel and the ramp leading down is at an extremely sharp angle to the alleyway. My car bottomed out every time I entered and exited the garage. Plus the garage is very poorly ventilated. It smelled like stale exhaust and there was dust all over my car after three days.Also incredibly tacky were the maids. They loitered in the halls in the morning and talked more than they cleaned (obviously since my room was never touched.) One of the mornings we were leaving one of the maids was telling another how she made out with her first cousin the night prior.Last, the room was terribly outdated. You could tell it was nice and prime about 10 years ago, but they've done nothing to keep with the times. No DVD player, just a VCR. They also did not have any room service or amenities. I'd expect more for over $250 a night.I will never go back to this hotel, and I would not recommend it to anyone. They have some serious corrections to make to their staff and their facilities, not to mention their prices. ","annotations":[]}