{"text":"Good Value at The Cartwright but too noisey We stayed at The Cartwright 2\/28 - 3\/5. We booked our hotel through their website and we paid $159\/night for a deluxe king room. The room was OK, it was on the small side and it faced Sutter, which is a noisy street. The room did not have a dresser. It had a king bed, a desk, two night stands, a closet and a tiny bathroom. The TV was installed on of those space saving arm things from the ceiling. The room was clean, the bedding was nice. The bathroom was nice too but very small. I was a little shocked at how tiny the room was. The hotel lobby and common areas were very nice, well maintained. Everyone who worked at the hotel was extremely pleasant. They could not have been nicer. The free wine reception in the evenings were fun. The breakfast was nice, we only did the hotel breakfast a couple of times but it was great if you were in a hurry.The only problem I had with the hotel was our room. It was sandwiched between two other rooms and I could distinctly hear what was being said in either room. I've read the reviews and I knew the Cartwright had thin walls, but this was ridiculous. When they remodeled this hotel in 2004, they should have installed soundproofing. We had neighbors who got up at 5:30 a.m., we could hear their entire conversation as they got ready to leave, (clear as a bell) we could hear their TV, their radio, we could hear when they flushed their toilets. I am not kidding, we could hear EVERYTHING. Same way for the neighbor on the other side of us, we could hear all of their activities and conversations. Not only is this extremely frustrating, but it also made me realize that they could hear us, and this made me uncomfortable to say the least. On the plus side, the hotel was in a great location, the staff was friendly and accomodating (we had an 11:30 pm flight out of town and they kept our bags all day for free) and the room was clean and nicely furnished. The hotel is a great value if you are willing to put up with hearing the neighboring guests in their rooms. I liked the Carthwright, but would probably not stay there again for this reason. ","annotations":[]}