{"text":"A Lilliputian's Dream Getaway I stayed with my wife and daughter at the Casablanca Hotel in early March 2008, based exclusively on the high recommendations that had been posted by myriad TripAdvisor contributors.On a positive note, we were impressed with the common areas on the second floor, where guests can enjoy a continental breakfast, wine-and-cheese, a computer terminal with internet access, a television and other creature comforts. We were also impressed with the family-style Italian restaurant adjacent to the hotel.However, although I agree that the Casablanca Hotel offers unique lodging, the rooms are far too small for more than two occupants of average size and the volume of noise emanating from the street below is unbearable.We spent three days in a one-bedroom suite. We arrived to find the living room area too small to open the sofabed without removing the heavy coffee table from the room entirely. Once the table was removed, there was just enough room for the bed, but not an inch more. The bedroom area was nicely appointed but nearly devoid of storage space. Ultimately we piled our suitcases on top of the small armoire. Had my wife and I traveled alone, we would have placed our suitcases in the living room, which is the only place for them to go.Although the living room and bedroom each came equipped with cable television and a DVD player, the cable television reception was marginal at best and neither of the DVD players functioned at all. The front desk staff promised that these issues would be attended to for us. They were not.The front desk staff and bell staff were friendly and well-intentioned but poorly trained. We asked the bellman to get us a cab and it appeared from his expression that this was the first time anyone had ever asked him to do that.In summary, if you are traveling alone or with your significant other, the Casablanca may be right for you. It is clean and comfortable and perhaps even cozy, but you should plan on lots of noise from the street, a tiny room and marginal staff. If you are traveling with a child or a third adult, this really is not a suitable hotel for you and I recommend that you look elsewhere. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":892,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":886}]}