{"text":"Lovely Hotel Ive just got back from Barcelona with my boyfriend, after a 2 night break. I have to say our hotel was great value for money! As you walked into the hotel, it has a lovely, clean reception. The receptionists are nice and friendly and try really hard to speak English the best they can. We were given our room card, and made our way up, via the lifts which were nice and quick. As we entered the room, I was really shocked to find how nice the room was. It was really clean and tidy, and a great size. We had two single beds pushed together, but that didn't matter too much to us. We had a mini fridge, television, (however the only English programmes were Eurosport and CNN) but your not in Barcelona to watch telly anyway! Our balcony was nice, as our room was at the front of the hotel too. The bathroom was nice and clean too, with a power shower. The maids cleaned our rooms and gave us new towels everyday after midday. The breakfast buffet was nice for meeting our needs aswell, from chicken nuggets and chips to ham and cheese. So plenty of variety to choose from. The position of the hotel was nice too, only a 2 minute walk from the famous Las Ramblas where they had market stalls, with jewellery and plants. Even animal stalls, where you can buy animal cages, and animals! We took an 'aeroport' bus into the centre of Barcelona this only cost 3.95 euros per person. Which compares a lot to the taxi charges of around 30 euros. Whilst we were there we enjoyed the tourist sightseeing bus. On two separate trips, they can take you round the northern and southern side of the city. For just 23 euros per person. The buses run every 8-15 minutes from the top of the Las Ramblas and you can also hop on and off whenever you like. They are guided tours aswell, receiving some earphones. Shopping in Barcelona is great too. Plenty of shops in all different areas. Eating in Barcelona is relatively cheap. However on Sundays, most restaurants are closed. The only problem I found with Barcelona was generally most places I went, wasn't very wheel-chair friendly. Some places didn't have lifts, only elevators and stairs. However I would definitely go to Barcelona again, as I have found it to be a great city and I would recommend anyone to go! ","annotations":[]}