{"text":"wish I was back We were at the resort from 2\/9\/08 - 2\/16\/08. There were four adults and one child. First of all Punta Cana is a beautiful place very plush and green with flowers every where. The resort was clean and the rooms and grounds were wonderful. The food was ok. We did get tired of the buffet food and would have preferred more choices for places to eat. For the most part the people working at the resort were friendly and helpful. We ran into a couple that were rude but that as the minority. As the resort is so large it took us a couple of days to figure it all out. We stayed in #5 which was a great location - short walk to large pool, beach , El Pescador restaurant, and shuttle bus.It was a little confusing at first because the shuttle bus that brought us to our room with our luggage was not the shuttle we used during the rest of the week. That shuttle you pick up by the Tropicana Theatre on the other side of the lobby. Once we figured that out it was easy and the shuttles ran continiously. A couple of other tips, bring lots of $1.00 bills for tips for maids, bartenders, etc. Also we learned the El Pescador and El charro restaurants serve a buffet breakfast and lunch - they are located right in front of large pool\/beach. It turned out to be much easier to not always have to go the buffets by lobby. Also the snack areas by large pools is also a good stop of lunch. Bring your own lotion as the hotel does not provide. We had shampoo and shower gel but no lotions. We also went to the two pools in the ctr of compex for a change. If you go to the large pool we found it easier to go to the right when you came to pool - that end is a little quieter, has a shallow end for little kids, plus a swim up bar and they also serve you drinks at you chairs there. The exit to the beach is also right there. We would take our beach towels and save chairs on the way to breakfast and then have good places (in the shade) for as much of the day as we wanted. The rum is very good. Sorry we didn't buy some to bring home. Thought we would pick it up at airport but it turned out to be $5.00 higher then hotel. All in all we had a great week. The weather was perfect every day. They do have showers (3 nights) for maybe an hour or so. But every day was sunny and warm. ","annotations":[]}