{"text":"Very Unforgettable Hotel I stayed here this week as part of a convention...And have stayed here every January for the last 3-4 years...I liked it better as the Adam's Mark...But under either name, this is an unspectacular hotel with absolutely nothing that stands out.The rooms haven't changed since the Adam's Mark...However, in previous years, I had MUCH larger rooms. I was not in the Adam's Mark loyalty program, and am just a 'standard' Starwood member, but I received better rooms when it was an Adam's Mark--Every year. I don't know if I was lucky in the past or just really unlucky this time...I saw three rooms this time (which I'll explain below) and all were very small, even for downtown hotel standards...I've had bigger rooms in Hong Kong and New York City, which are notorious for their small rooms. When I checked in, I had 2 rooms reserved...One for me and one for one of my employees. They did get us rooms on the same floor...When I opened my door, the room was not cleaned yet! Back downstairs to the check-in desk, where I stood for 20-25 minutes waiting to get helped again. I was pretty upset by the wait, given that I was already 5 hours late getting to the hotel, and had lots of work to do that night yet...Finally when I got helped, the staff was apologetic--I don't blame them, as they just go by what their computers tell them is clean and available. I was calm and polite and asked Since I've gone through all of this, can I get an upgraded room? The man said Of course. Although my new room was on a higher floor (separating me from my co-worker), it was no better, no bigger and no nicer than the room that was dirty. Some upgrade! The bathroom was tiny--You couldn't fit two people in there standing up--it's probably 4 feet by 6 feet, including the tub! The toilet, which reminded me of a bus station the way it had the 'pull lever' is about 5 inches from the sink which butts right up to the shower. Tight quarters!The restaurant was much better under Adam's Mark...They had many Mexican offerings and a nice variety...Now it reminds me of a small-town Holiday Inn...Limited menu, very little creativity, and high 'downtown hotel' food prices. The English spoken by the staff was horrible...I could barely communicate with my waiter one night, and not to mention the assistant staff. I have easier communication in Asia!On my way to a meeting, I was going to stop to the gift shop (on the second floor) and grab a juice and a muffin for breakfast. Despite the permanent sign saying something like Open 7AM to 8PM (or whatever it was), the doors were closed and there was a sign on the door saying they'd be back in a half hour (this was at 9AM). Very annoying and not what I'd expect from a full-service hotel...So, I missed breakfast that day.The place isn't bad...It's just not great by an stretch of the imagination. Had it not been for the convention being right there, I'd surely have sought accommodations at the nearby Fairmont or Westin. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2043,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2039},{"endOffset":2467,"mention":"muffin","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Muffin"],"startOffset":2461}]}