{"text":"Lovely hotel, worth paying extra for deluxe room Our stay at the Novotel Benoa got off to a bad start when we arrived to find that the deluxe room we'd booked was not available! We were given a superior room for the first night and informed that our deluxe room would be available the following day. We were obviously disappointed with this so some complaining later got a free meal and massage for the inconvenience. However this gave us the chance to compare the two rooms. It's definitely worth paying extra for the deluxe room! The superior room was in need of a refurb and was very ordinary. In comparison the deluxe room was clean, modern and very spacious. The hotel is in two halfs, separated by the main road through Tanjung Benoa. There's a security guard to ensure people make it across the pedestrian crossing safely. It's a lovely hotel with a real Balinese feel to it. It was obviously busy when we were there because it was a struggle to find a sunlounger by the pool. If you're into sunbathing then you're better off at the beach as there's lots of palm trees surrounding all the pool areas (which makes it very picturesque but is not ideal for topping up your tan). The sunloungers are really comfy though. There are more sunloungers on the beach which was where we spent most of our time. There are a lot of watersports in the vicinity of the hotel's beach but they tend to be mainly in the morning (as the tide goes out the water's too shallow) so the beach is more peaceful by the afternoon. As it's the east side of Bali there's not the waves that there are in Kuta so it' s better for swimming (but obviously not for surfing). There's also a lovely seabreeze every day which is good for keeping cool in the 30 degree heat. We ate lunch at the hotel's restaurant on the beach a couple of days and can recommend the food. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, however, as it wasn't included in our room rate (check when you book). There are lots of restaurants along the main road that divides the hotel which are obviously cheaper. We had a couple of meals at different restaurants and never had any complaints. Overall, one of many good hotels in Bali. ","annotations":[]}