{"text":"a beautiful hotel in strange area Well Hi everyone, Its not very often when i visit a hotel that everything is absolutely PERFECT. Well ive found it.if you read my other reviews you will find i sometimes moan about the littlest of things, there is absolutely nothing to moan about. From stepping out of the cab, being met by the bell boy, excellent check-in, beautiful modern interiors, one pink and one green lighted lift, upto the 9th floor to our room, the room numbers are lit in the carpet on the floor. A beautiful room, gorgeous SEE THROUGH rain shower, omg it has to be experienced, not very good if you are sharing with friends. or if you are a prude.Massive bed, electric curtains, very clean room. We went for a meal in the lounge,come bar come restaurant dont know what else to call it. Food is marvellous not too much and a very good price.The area it is in looks run down but not too far from La Rambla and Liceu Metro (5 mins). down a long side street with hookers etc... but its well worth it. We got an absolute bargain of a price from www.travelepublic.co.uk 拢75 a night including breakfast. there was cheaper websites but i decided to go for travelrepublic because it is a well known brand and has got oodles of money, whereas other websites are struggling and i didnt want to choose one that might go bust, it was worth the extra few quid for peace of mind.i know that this hotel charges more and doesn't include breakfast. so look around for some good bargains should you want too.i can recommend an awesome restaurant in Barcelona just off La Rambla, tucked away in another side street called SINATRA'S please contact me for directions. you will not be sorry, its not too expensive the staff inside dont seem to want to please at first (they even let us walk out because we couldnt eat upstairs due to very small crying children downstairs, but they let us in the end) they should get rid of some of the staff that work there, as they are there for the customer and should aim to please everytime OPEN is on the door. we got an excellent waiter, but its the food that is absolutely gorgeous. as always if u need any help please contact me, or prestonbrookes@hotmail.com ","annotations":[]}