{"text":"Most Amazing place ever I booked this trip for 13 people ranging in age from 19 to 78 years old a family vacation that was amazing. Everyone had a great time. First of all the entertainment staff was nothing short of amazing Isabel Felt like one of the family Fransisco was always there helping us isnez, jolio ,Little shak as we affectionally called him were always there making sure we were having fun playing basket ball, volley ball, dancing lessons on the beach with Isabel and jolio really got us going. My mother was in a wheel chair but Isabel danced with her at the disco making her feel included in everything what an amazing young women!We booked Horsebackriding on the beach we wanted a special ride since we are all horse people we were not dissappointed!We galloped on the beach at high speed since thats what we wanted perrie' helped us book the trip and went along for the ride we rode at 700 at night because it would be cooler it was amazing.The staff went out of thier way to make us comfortable the food was great large selection for anyones palet. Although they arent really set up for large group dinners they made sure to put us together and never acted like it was a problem. Breakfast in the morning they always had a table ready for us and we never waited to be seated.I never had to use my bug spray once not one bite The resort was amazing from the champain and cool rags we got when we arrived, to the beautiful rooms that were spotless and spacious. The water was amazing we are from New Jersey and are used to waves these were great but no undertoe so you could just stay in the same place without working. The beach is beautiful clean and palm trees everywhere with large beds on the beach and plenty of lounges to lie on as they serve you drinks and bring you food and you never have to get up. The drinks were great even the wine was good. The pool is amazing and very clean.I can't say enough about this beautiful resort and having no small kids there was really relaxing. We were never bored and can't say anything bad about this place. The bus ride was fine airconditioned no problem. The airport gives you that island feel for sure. If you book this vacation you won't be dissapointed, we weren't and we will be back again.One small note we tipped even the entertainment staff they deserve it. A few dollars goes along way for them remember that. ","annotations":[]}