{"text":"The highlight of our Puerto Rico vacation I typically only write reviews when something happens on a vacation that left me feeling extremely dissatisfied. This time, I am writing a review for the exact OPPOSITE reason. I have never had a MORE satisfying experience.First of all, I would like to thank the staff of the Copamarina Resort for making sure my family and I had an incredble stay. Immediately, upon check in, I could tell this resort was there to please it's customers. We arrived a few hours before check in and I was feeling car sick. I was feeling quite cranky and unhappy......for about 30 seconds after arriving at the Copamarina. The staff could tell I was not feeling well and allowed us to check in early. They even allowed us to preview our suite and pick out which one suited us. We chose to upgrade to a very nice two room suite so my husband and I could enjoy some privacy. After being there a day, we realized that it would have been a better financial move for us if we would have purchased the all inclusive package. After having a casual conversation with one of the staff members about types of drinks she suggested, I jokingly mentioned to her about drinking away my kids' college fund. She suggested that we go all inclusive and promptly returned with the manager. He reviewed our charges and said that it would be to our benefit if we converted......even allowed it to be retroactive....which saved us a substantial amount of money. It cost our family of four 150.00 per day for the all inclusive plan. That's typically what we would spend on just dinner and drinks. I was so impressed that they allowed us to do that!! That they would consider our wallet before their own.The grounds were beautiful. The pools were very clean with a spectacular carribean view. The food was great.....and the drinks were even better!! I tried everything they suggested....the bartenders were superb!We stayed at 3 resorts all over the island. We had a good experience at all the resorts we stayed at, but Copamarina was the best. The reason being because of the incredibly attentive staff seeing to it that we had a GREAT stay. We are planning on returning next year.....this time, all 10 days will be spent at this resort!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":834,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":830}]}