{"text":"Value for money but with some hiccups Vacationed at Barcelo Beach for a week starting on Jan 6th.Beach:Good beach but it contained some seaweed along the stretch that belonged to Barcelo. Take a long sleeve garment since it is a touch cool at this time of the year especially in the shade and evenings. Lots of chairs, plenty of towels, relaxing to walk along the beach in the afternoon. Beware or welcome the topless females on the beach.Pool:Not kid friendly - we used the pool at the Casino since it was quiet and had a fairly large area in the pool for kids \/ infants. Pool a the Beach resort is very busy on the weekends when the locals arrive and it could get messy at times.Food:Was above average. The buffet at the Beach resort provided the largest selection of items. Good selection of fruits. Try out the grouper filets at the cooking station. The fruit smoothies were good .. use a cup of yoghurt. Italian was not very good same goes for La Uva which was opened for lunch in the Caribe section of the resort. Mexican was good. Did not try the steakhouse.Room:Was clean and maid service was good. When we arrived in the room the toilet was not cleaned properly but was rectified quite quickly. Average room and not many english channels .. not a problem since most of the time was spent out of the room.Golf:Good value for money. Greens was slow but acceptable. Fairways were okay but was damp due to rain. Tee boxes were acceptable. Good practice and chipping greens. Driving range was okay.Fitness center:Okay. Seats on the bikes were hard so use a towel on the seats. Limited weights but was enough to work up a sweat.Service:Overall was good and staff fairly responsive to our requests. Trolley drivers (free transportation to all sections of the resort) were not attentive ... I observed four incidents where accidents occured due to an inattentive driver. We complained and found an improvement in the driver attitudes. Tipping:Tipped the maid $2 per day and left $1 to $2 per meal depending on service. ","annotations":[]}