{"text":"WOW what a fantastic property, fantastic location, and caring staff! I chose this hotel due to previous reviews on TripAdvisor and we were not disappointed. While comparing the rates, we decided to splurge for a suite and we were not disappointed. We had the corner suite which overlooked not only the Arc but also Rue de Carnot. The rooms were spacious and the bathroom beautifully appointed. We loved it.The view from our room was fabulous -- we could see not only the Arc but also the Eiffel Tower -- you just can't get any better than that! We felt so charmed and special and delighted by this! We loved having the suite because with jet lag, sometimes one of us was up in the living room reading or watching TV, while the other was in the bedroom sleeping. There were pocket door separating the two so it was very handy.Other reviews mention the busy traffic and quietness of the rooms. We were astounded by the fact that the thick curtains, which are drawn at night over closed windows, TOTALLY blocked out the sounds of traffic, sirens, and helicopters. Yes, helicopters! The first morning we were there, there was some type of traffic accident or medical emergency on the round about around the Arc. Many, many emergency vehicles came including a helicopter, presumably to remove the injured. Traffic came to a dead standstill, and probably caused havoc throughout this part of Paris.We walked to the Eiffel Tower at night (the concierge said it was about 15 minutes but that must be in 'french walk speed' as it took us about 30 minutes. We thoroughly enjoyed the walk and especially loved seeing the tower lit up. We took a cab back and it was only 6 euro, well worth it as our feet were tired by then.We also got brave and took the Metro (subway) to the Louvre, based on Farooq's advice. The entrance to the Metro is right next to the hotel - it can't get any easier! We also took the Air France bus from DeGualle Airport based on Farooq's advice and were happy we did. It was only $13euro each and let us off directly across from the hotel. That was amazing!The evening concierges recommended two restaurants that were very good. One was a brasserie just 2 blocks away, and the other was a small restaurant about 3 blocks away. Both were excellent though the bill at the restaurant was scary -- $188 euro, but we chalked that up to being in Paris!I would definitely stay at this hotel each and every future visit to Paris. We previously stayed in St. Germaine des Pres, but the service here was outstanding and really made the difference for us. ","annotations":[]}