{"text":"Very poorly managed We just returned on 6\/9\/07 from a one week stay, 5 nights of which we were barely able to get 3-4 hours sleep. Our first day was absolutely lovely, great staff, ala carte restaurants, sandy beach, nice pools. The second day the nicety ended and the ugliness began when a huge group of high school seniors from Puerto Rico arrived. They were promised a party week which they got and we lost all possibility of a resonable night's sleep. The property has a disco and when the kids left the disco between 3-4am, it was rampage of the spring break Cancun variety. The kids were yelling and whistling in the halls, banging on doors, misdialing phones (we got 2 phone calls at around 4am). If it were not for the loud laughing I would have been fearful that we were in a riot situation. The total lack of management was apparent when there were at least 75 kids in and around the pool at 4am, of course yelling and splashing in a pool that is closed after 7pm. I assume 4am use of the pool is OK if you are promised a party week. Then the situation got worse. I got a room change only to find out that night I was now surrounded by the party week kids. A Polite request to the kids across the room from us to close their door while 8 of them were partying was replied to by that's your problem, not mine, at that point we felt threatened and backed away. After numerous complaints the Apple rep. said the Guest Services Manager would be in touch with me. Not only did she not contact me, I could not track her down. The long  the short of the whole situation was that mangement chose to suspend and not enforce basic hotel rules. The rank  file staff were at the top of their game. We witnessed waiters escorting kids out of the buffet restaurant who felt sandy wet bathing suits  bare feet were acceptable dress at the dinner hour. We travel often and this is was our 3rd trip to the DR. We have never written a negative review or traveler warning, but this needs to be said. Oh, witnessing Pam  Joe's renewal of their wedding vows was a positive highlight of the week. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":221,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":217}]}