{"text":"Good starting point ruined; - lack of service, staff training and communication This is a five star hotel, and the Hilton chain itself considers it a six star hotel. The hotel building and all its facilities were wonderful, and fully up to the standard of a five star hotel. We especially loved the outdoor pool and lounge area. The room was spacious, and the only negative about it was the mattress, which was way too firm, so if you're very skinny, it will be uncomfortable. Also, internet access is only included if you bring your own laptop, so if you have to use the one in the lobby or the ones in the business center, there's a hefty per minute charge, which I found tacky. Why did I not rate this hotel higher? Because the people who work there are not up to the task of running a five star hotel. - We asked for turn down service, they forgot. - Another day I asked them to clean the bathroom floor, and came back to find that they hadn't done it.- Housekeeping kept rearranging the makeup in my beauty bag.- I asked for a hardboiled egg for breakfast; one day they forgot, another day, several different people brought me a total of four eggs. - The maitre d' claimed on the third day of our five day stay that breakfast was not included in our rate (which it was). We politely told him that it was, and asked him to please confirm with the front desk. He started a discussion! Can you believe it? In a five star hotel? He wanted us to sign a blank check, which we refused, and in the end we were allowed to have our included breakfast. After breakfast, he told us that we had been right all along, that breakfast was indeed included in our rate. We asked him to make sure to make a note of it so we wouldn't run into the same problem later. - Next day, new maitre d', we're told breakfast is not included in our rate... Same story all over again. - At check out, the receptionist presents us with a bill for two days of breakfast, because, as it turns out, the maitre d' has billed us for breakfast for the two days they messed up and the maitre d' has signed the check himself. We're appalled, but politely explain the situation, and what does the receptionist do? He starts another discussion, and he starts calling a bunch of people from the phone right in front of us. When he finally gets off the phone, he says that he will give us the breakfasts, as if he's doing us a favor, seeing as he seems to think that it is perfectly normal to book a five day stay with included breakfast on only three of the five days. I have never experienced a longer check out.I truly hope that someone high up in the Hilton chain reads this, and does something about this. The hotel itself is beautiful, it's certainly a five or six star on paper, but it's not even a one star in terms of service and staff training and communication. We only encountered one staff member that we thought did a good job, unfortunately I don't remember her name, but it was a female receptionist. Everyone else needs A LOT more training. Because of that, this is a hotel that people stay at once, and never return to. That's unfortunate; I don't know of any other place with such a good starting point that accomplishes to ruin everything so completely. ","annotations":[]}