{"text":"Quite Fine This was our 5th stay in the DR, and 3rd in Punta Cana. We had stayed at Iberostars recently (La Hacienda in La Ramana and the Iberostar Punta Cana) and feel that the Riu was at least on their level. what was great? the beach - we like waves and wind and in january both were present. the volleyball games were fun. walking the beach is great, and the shipwreck always something to see.the watersports were good (catamaran, kayaks) though the watersports staff often did not permit their use when the wind was up - they did seem a bit too safety-conscious. I admit i was irritated when the red flags were up two of the days - no sailing or kayaking! then again, the next days we saw many people who really did not know how to sail or even kayak attempting to go out into the waves farther out. the staff - we thought all staff were particularly fine. waiters, waitresses, bartenders, front desk staff - they all were helpful, pleasant, and multi-lingual.the food - good-to-great. the seafood was excellent. the range of choices was fine. dinner was probably the best, though at breakfast made to order omelets were fine and fruit juices excellent. they do ask you to sit at the same table each night in the buffet - we thought this would not be positive but in fact it worked well - we got to know our servers and they us, and it became a pleasure to walk in and immediately get wine or our favorite drinks brought to the table. we were able to get a table for two that was ideal - we saw no family or couple forced to sit in shared circumstances.the balcony - we had one of the cheapest rooms, and the balcony still was wonderful for relaxing in the evening with the last drink of the day.what was not great?the pool was way too small, but we are not pool people so we did not mind. the check-in was slow, and since we came in after midnight, one would have hoped they would have been notified in advance of our arrival and had more people at the desk when our bus dropped a lot of tired folks off. the air-conditioning initially was hard to get right, but once we nailed it it worked fine.the bed was very hard - i loved it, but my wife did not. many pillows, and extra blanket helped.we had a good time, and would return again if the price were right. we would do the iberostar punta cana instead if priced lower - we see them as different but overall equivalent. ","annotations":[]}