{"text":"Definitely not a 5-Star!!! My husband and I booked a deluxe King room on the hotel's website for 2 nights 2 weeks before arrival.Checking in was quite alright without much information as to where we will have breakfast and how to operate the elevator. Had a nice couple telling us instead and they said that nobody told them too upon check-in and instead was kindly told by other guests as well.When we went up to the room, we were puzzled to see 2 twin beds as opposed to 1 King. My husband called front desk and was told that the lady who checked us in, had mentioned it to me that since all rooms are fully booked, there would be only twin beds available and that I had consented to this. I was extremely furious as she not only did not inform me about the twin beds, she had the cheek to lie that I said yes to the change. We were told all rooms are full and no changes can be made. Now, this was a business trip and we were sent to a room that we did not reserve. It was 3pm and my husband was going to have a meeting at 5.30pm. He asked to speak to the manager and was told that the manager would call back.3.15pm: Manager called and apologized and said that by booking in general, guests are NOT GURANTEED the room that they had reserved. In other words, guests are not able to choose the number of beds they want. It is only upon check-in and availability that you might get what you paid for. (??? - And this is a 5-star hotel???) We were both very upset as time was running out and the manager wasn't accomodating. After much discussion, the manager finally told us that someone had just (conveniently?) checked out of a King deluxe and that we will be able to check into the room at about 4.30pm. As we were delayed in checking in to our rightful room, we requested a late check out at 4pm. We didn't think it was unreasonable as we were put through such an inconvenience. Again, there was much discussion with the manager and finally she wheedled it back to 3pm. 4.40pm: Lady who checked us in came up and apologized for the misunderstanding and led us to the new room. The room was spacious and comfortable with no complimentary water nor fruits. (We are mentioning this because we stayed in a four star hotel in Penang 2 nights before and a 3.5 star boutique hotel in Taipei for 6 nights and had endless supply of complimentary water and fruits).I also asked the lady who checked us in about me consenting to a room that I wasn't even told and she mumbled an apology about misunderstanding. The dining ambience was really nice. Waiters were extremely courteous. Breakfast consisted a spread of Western and Eastern cuisine. However, it wasn't one of the best as we were told. Note: Our taste of food is strictly non-bias upon bad service by staff.We want to add that the concierge was extremely helpful and courteous when we needed information. Broadband access in the room is not complimentary. We were told that it costs $0.30\/min. But upon our asking, we found out that it actually costs approximately $1.00\/min after taxes. We would never have found out until check-out.All in all, we were displeased with the service. For a 5-star hotel that we have reserved pior upon arrival, we weren't guranteed the room that we had booked. In all the 5 star hotels we have stayed, this is the 1st one that we have come across with such a ridiculous policy. Though we enjoyed the room, it was with much time, discussion and insistence that we finally got what we wanted. As a guest, we definitely do not want to go through so much inconvenience when it is not our wrong in the first place. Also, to have a staff lie that a guest had consented to the change reflects a lot on the morality on the hotel. We understand that the intercontinental is a part of an international corporation. With such service in one of the finest cities in the world, would we dare book another hotel in another part of the world? By choice, definitely not. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":262,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":258}]}