{"text":"Hidden Jewel in Southwest Puerto Rico We have been to Puerto Rico many times since we have family there. We previously stayed in either Condado or Dorada area and wanted to stay on the southern side of the island for a change as we had never visited that part of the island.After doing some research on TripAdvisor, we decided to go try Guanica and the CopaMarina. There are not many resorts in the south. I originally wanted to stay in Ponce, but none of the hotels appealed to us (and after visiting the town, I am glad we did not stay there, although the city center is very charming).We did get a room far away from the restaurants in building 5, but once we were in the room, the walk to anything on the property took less than 2 minutes.The resort does not have that many rooms, but with 2 story buildings, it has quite a bit of property. It has 2 hot tubs, 2 children's pools and 2 big pools, although one is not deeper than 3 1\/2 ft. Very family friendly although teenagers may get bored. Many families with babies through early teens.The beach was not ideal, although folks went to the end of the dock and were swimming past the seaweed. Although the public beach was a short walk, it had a yellow flag (no swimming) for the 6 days we were there. The one main area for improvement is the beach toys. There are a few non-motorized toys and they were broken for most of our stay.We had the all inclusive and while it was pricey for the area, it was a bargain if you are used to San Juan prices. (We spent almost $200 for dinner for 2 at Pikayo in San Juan, and while it was better quality, not sure it was $100 better). We found the service to be a little slow but we weren't in a rush. We did find the staff to be very friendly and any time we asked for something a little special, it was no problem...both in the outdoor cafe and Alexandra's. No request was denied.The resort was probably less than half full except for the weekend. It was one of the few resorts in PR that had a good number of locals staying there and many of them came only for the weekend. However, when we thought we would stay one extra night, the first person we asked at the desk said no problem and we could stay in the same room. We then had to be sure we could change our Condado reservation. Once we did, different people were at the front desk and they told us we couldn't stay in our room and no room of our category was available. Once we said the other person said we could, they just said ok. Not sure if they were trying to upsell us or what.Even with that front desk experience, we liked the relaxing atmosphere so much we stayed one extra night and will definitely go back! ","annotations":[]}