{"text":"Warm and Friendly Staff It is not the most luxurious, it does not have the most amenities and the locale has it's issues. However, the staff was amazingly pleasant and helpful, cheerful and downright fun! I had a blast chatting with Maggie at the tours desk and I believe her name to be either Iris or Aida (memory falters) at the front desk.They just loved the fact that I get lost everywhere and made all kinds of strip maps for me to get places (altho I managed to oblige and get lost anyway...they loved it).The cleaning staff was excellent, always leaving the room impeccable and they were quite friendly when you engage them in conversation. Tipping always helps with service and here was no exception.Continental breakfast was much better than I expected and my little boy loved having his hard boiled egg almost daily...blech..lol.. The staff there kept that area immaculate. There was always a local paper to read, either in spanish or english.I was too busy to use the pool, being rather high strung, pools don't always relax me, but the families using it seemed to have a good time.What was not quite so fun...the parking situation. Good luck finding a spot during the day. In the evening, you may luck out. I took the car out minimally because it was just easier to travel via bus or by tour group. Driving in San Juan was scary, even for this NYC driver.The room was very small, just one bed for myself and 10 year old, but the bed was huge. The closet in the room could not even fit my suitcase in it. But I had a nice corner room and the view was great!However, I would stay here again. My needs are minimal and I'd much rather be out and about than sitting in a luxurious hotel anyday. my hotel needs are basically clean room, clean shower and clean bed. This had all three. I saved money, used it on souvenirs!I love these ladies I met there! They made my stay great! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1532,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1528}]}