{"text":"quite pleasurable Having read the other reviews I wasn't expecting much from the food. And it was indeed not too good. Which is strange because the food was not cheap, it was just prepared strangely and usually too salty. However, I had great meals eating mostly fruit, which was fresh and abundant every day. There was fresh fruit juice of all kinds in the morning too. And friday's lobsternight was a nice surprise. There is a wide variety of food anyway, so you will not starve.I never tried any of the separate restaurants. I should have though, because they were a lot quiter. The buffet means that you enter in a room where about 150 people are eating and talking at the same time.Snacks were a disaster. I didn't like the soft-ice machine much either, it only had chocolate flavor and it tasted cheap. Same with drinks at the bars. The slush-machine distributed horribly acidy and sugary slush, but most people seemed to liked it. Most drinks are distributed in plastic cups, a big contribution to the local waste problem.The appartment was fine, big and with working airco. The television set was more of a problem but that didn't bother me. I had to change rooms once because I was at first located opposite a bar (La sirena) that had very loud music on all evening and night. Changing rooms was no problem. The room was kept clean very well. Sometimes it would have a bit of a sour or musty smell, but I couldn't determine if that was inside the room, or from outside. The beach was fine by me. It is true that there was a lot of shadow so you have to move your bed around. So if you are a large group it will be difficult to all catch the sun. There were enough beds on the beach. I didn't get hasseled by vendors, they are not allowed where the beds are. Beachtowels are provided by the hotel, but if you want to go to the beach after you've checked out, you will have to bring your own towel.I really disliked that when I walked around singly, I often got comments from the men working there. They would call me stuff like 'mi amor' or 'prinzessa'. I found it condescending. And what really annoyed me were the ridiculously short skirts of the girl-waiters at the buffet. When they bent over you could sometimes see their underwear. I found it degrading. Also, it made some of the older male tourist become too 'friendly' with the waitresses. I saw a waitress politely trying to ward off a too friendly hug from a senior tourist.I guess though that this kind of thing is connected with the country and the comparitive poverty of its people. But it is still very disagreeable to watch. Maybe you would have less of this in more expensive resorts.The resort was quite big and that was agreeable because you could have a walk around without running into people too much. Also there were parts of the beach that were relatively quite, no music from a bar or anything like that.I never cared for the animation so I don't know if it was good or bad. It did keep me awake untill eleven every night though.I never went to the pool because there were too many people there. Do not expect to find intelligent company here. But it is cheap and with the money you save you can get some delicious meals back home. The sun, the sea and the palmtrees are the same everywhere, so you might as wel go cheap and visit carabela beach resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":407,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":403},{"endOffset":780,"mention":"chocolate","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":771}]}