{"text":"Too Big! My husband and I just returned from our stay at the Grand Bahia Principe. First of all, for all those of you that are staying here soon. Ignore the weather reports. I read the same thing from others who stayed here. It never rains. It said that it would rain and storm every day and we did not get a drop. We loved the food, the breakfast buffet was really good, we ate there every morning. Try the Watermelon Juice and Banana Juices. To Die for!!! The french restaurant was definitely the best. We ate there 3 times it was soo good. Get the Smoked Salmon with Avacado Cream (app) Seabass(entree) and the Chocolate Desert. Oh my god, just thinking about it makes my mouth water.  The Beach BBQ was terrible! The lobster is not Maine coldwater lobster, it is hot-water mush and disgusting!!! Dont waste a night on this.The Japanese restaurant is okay. We eat Japanese a lot and it was only okay. You dont get yellow sauce which we are used to. If you get hibachi express takeout a lot, dont go here.The best bar to go to is the one directly on the beach. I also enjoyed the lobby bar.They have all the good liquors and dont forget to tip! Dirty monkey was my favorite frozen drink. But overall, we were a little dissappointed because our room was right next to the lobby. If i went to the beach and realized i left something in the room, I could count on it taking 45 minutes to get back. The resort is sooooooo big and confusing. I stayed for a week and would much rather have stayed at a smaller place. That would have saved me money anyways. Try to get a room as close as possible to the beach. Its VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU DO THIS!!! Another downer for us was there were very few Americans here.Nightlife here sucks, but maybe thats because we were so tired at night after being in the sun all day. Make sure you take a nap before dinner if you want to go out at night. The disco doesnt open until midnight. I would not stay here again unless my room was very close to the beach. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":623,"mention":"Chocolate","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":614}]}