{"text":"Scuba Divers Read This About Copamarina In Guanica Normally I don't make a habit of writing negative reviews. I simply felt obligated to put something on the internet to discourage other more experienced divers from making the same mistake that I unfortunately did.I do wreck diving in the deep and cold waters of New England year round and have gone diving all over the world. After reading about the amazing wall diving in Puerto Rico I decided to go there with my family on vacation. After 3 or 4 phone calls I booked a week long series of dives at Copamarina. I even called there the day before our trip to check if things were still OK.On the morning of our arrival I called the dive shop to see if the boat was going out that afternoon as planned. I was then told that the dive boat was broken and that there would be no diving all week. Suffice to say, I was devastated. I asked if they could help me to find another boat. They were extremely unhelpful and hung up the phone on me even though I was not being rude or impolite about the situation ( I would prefer to think that we were disconnected by accident, but I am not sure that was true). I explained that I had spent a lot of money to come to Copamarina and that I had made all my vacation plans on the assumption that they were a world class diving resort with regularly scheduled boat trips. I was then told that the real reason the boat was broken was that they didn't have a minimum of 3 people to go, and that this was true for the entire week.. Base on other people's similar accounts on this web site, it seems like the boat is broken with astonishing regularity. Is there some reason why they couldn't be honest and tell me this ahead of time so I could have made plans to go elsewhere in Puerto Rico?? Instead I found myself trapped in a less than optimal situation.I called the manager 3 times and spoke to people who said that he\/she would call me right back, but no one ever did. Funny how the management seem so fastidious about replying to negative feedback on the internet, but they don't want to deal with customers who are genuinely upset.Ultimately I went to Parguera 20 miles away and dove with Paradise Dive Shop and West Divers both of whom were excellent. The wall diving was extremely impressive and worth the trip. Just for the record, Parguera divers is no longer operating even though they are still listed on the internet as a dive charter in the same area.The real problem is that the management of the Copamarina should stop falsely advertising that they are a world class dive resort comparable to other such resorts. Its simply not true. It is sad that no one in the hotel administration seems to have any sense of vision. They are sitting on one of the best places to dive in the Carribean, but they do not seem to support the dive shop adequately enough to truly make it a world class diving destination like the Caymans or Aruba. They easily could attract many more divers if they simply got their act togetherAs far as the Copamarina resort itself , I have no complaints. The grounds were beautiful, the service was excellent and the food was well prepared.The local economy would greatly benefit if they really tried to develop their natural diving resources. This would also have a trickle down effect on the amount of business in the other dive shops in the area. Maybe they should talk to each other and get better organized. It would be a win\/ win situation for all.SO BEWARE. UNTIL THEY GET THEIR ACT TOGETHER I WOULD GO ELSEWHERE TO DIVE OR BE PREPARED FOR A GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT. ","annotations":[]}