{"text":"I'd definitely stay again...but they have some kinks to work out... First off, the hotel is very beautiful. They took an old school building and refurbished it. The building itself is gorgeous, and the decor is modern and simple. I read other reviews on tripadvisor and thought it sounded unusual and worth a try, and I would recommend it definitely. I really hope the hotel works out some of it's kinks though, and I warn you - you may encounter some odd things.The hotel is walkable to vondelpark and museumplein, but not convenient to the red light district or the city centre - about a 40 minute walk or a tram ride. I personally thought the location was terrific, the city centre and red light areas are very very frantic, full of high tourists. This is a great escape from all that and all those tourists. Even if you are a high tourist, do you really want to be in that area all the time? I think the location is terrific, a good convenient area, but not too crazy.The room: the shower is European style, meaning handheld, which is unfortunate. The tub is very large, but the shower is handheld. The bed is very comfortable, probably one of the best I've slept in in Europe. The pillows are gigantic and comfy.Restaurant and bar were above average.Don't know what was up with the TV, but full blast I could barely hear it. I have to assume something was wrong with the one in my room, because it was basically inaudible at full volume.Now...our freaky problem...while we were there apparently rooms 115 and 117 had a phone switcheroo. When we checked out I mentioned we had some issues and the front desk showed me a note for the staff that the phone lines were swapped, so this is probably a freak issue that you won't have. But everything room 117 ordered came to us...a taxi order, a 5:30 wake up call, a bus order, a phone call, another taxi, a laundry pickup...about 7 different things. Be sure to specify your room number if you call the front desk!!! It was amusing but redundant when the person on the phone did not believe I was in room 115 instead of 117 over and over. Anyway, I would stay there again, the building itself is worth it. There're some kinks to work out, but the staff there is most friendly and they seem sincere in wanting you to enjoy your stay. I would have easily given it a 5-rating except for the mixed-room issue, which I'm sure is a freak occurance...Also - be sure to lock your door. Most hotels, the door automatically locks when you close the door. Here it is a key with a deadbolt - you have to lock the lock! Didn't realize that the first time and left the door totally unlocked :( ","annotations":[]}