{"text":"Perfect for our Barcelona break We just returned from a five day stay at the Silken which was superb.Admittedly the hotel was more of a crash pad for us after a long day sightseeing, but in that regard it met all our needs. Location - yes, it is a little far out but we both love walking and exploring less touristy parts of a city, so it meant that we had a good twenty minutes walk at the start and end of each day in the more residential parts of Barcelona. (Cab to\/from the airport is around 30 euros)Opposite the hotel is the Gracias mall which had a good range of Spanish high street stores - for example, Zara was bigger that the branches downtown and distinctly less crowded. We could therefore do lots of our shopping and only have a thirty second walk back to the room with our bags. Carrefour, the hypermarket, is also in the mall and was great for stocking up on water and fruit etc. Opening hours for the mall are 10pm-10pm. I wouldn't recommend the eateries around there as hygiene doesn't seem to feature highly on the list of prioritiesThe rooms in the hotel were extremely comfortable, clean and functional. The best part were the blackout blinds which enabled us to sleep like babies. We found the hotel to be really quiet and we only encountered fellow guests briefly in the lobby.My only real quibble with the hotel is the pool - it's more like a small tub. The roof terrace is fab for sunbathing with an exceptionalview over the city but the pool was far too small for swimming in. Sadly the hotel roof bar is only open on weekends which we weren't told about - a shame as its a great place to relax late at night.What else would I recommend for travellers - for food, go downtown. I have some superb restaurant recommendations - Taller del Tapas, Agua and 7 Portes are excellent. Also do rent a scooter on the waterfront. It cost us only 25 euros for the day and it was a superb way to see the city (really safe to zip around too). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1767,"mention":"Tapas","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tapas"],"startOffset":1762}]}