{"text":"Paradise in Punta Cana Mr.  Mrs. Lockley---- Houston, Texas USAMy husband and I as well as, another couple vacationed at the Grand Palladium Bavaro Resort  Spa from June 14, 2007 to June 19, 2007 and had a magnificent time. Our only down fall was that we booked through Expedia and once we arrived at the resort we didn't have booked room reservation. However, we presented our itineraries and that issue was taken care of quickly and we were assigned two rooms.All of the staff were friendly and the common sayings were Hola (Hello) and Gracias (Thank You). The majority of the staff spoke Spanish, but there was normally someone around that spoke English so the language barrier wasn't a big issue.The resort is large because there are three resorts in one, but there is a train\/trolley that you can take around the properties and when you check in you are also given a map of the resorts which makes it easy to locate everything.The food is in abundance and there is alot of food to choose from at the buffet restaurants and at the a la carte reservation only restaurants even if you are a picky eater or someone with a sensitive stomach as myself. Make sure you make your reservations for the a la carte restaurants upon arrival to guarentee that you will be able to dine there. It is not recommended that you drink or brush your teeth with the water, but bottled water is always available at the restaurants and in the mini fridge in your room. The only thing I suggest is that you check the seal when you get your bottled water to make sure that it hasn't been broken because we didn't notice at first that some of the seals were broken when we received our water, but we quickly started checking all of the water before we drank it.There is a casino at the resort, but it isn't Las Vegas or Reno so don't worry about winning big bucks there. You may spend big bucks, but the winnings will be slim. I would say it's for entertainment purposes only.There is nightly entertainment at the resort and the Michael Jackson show is a must see. The theater is relatively hot so don't come decked out because you will be sweaty by the time the show is over.The facilities are beautiful and maintained very well, the pools are clean and they all have swim up bars. The beach is nice and the water is a beautiful blue color with little waves. The resort doesn't provide floaters so you may want to purchase your own to bring for the pool and for the beach. There were a few natives selling items on the beach, but they were not a nuisance. Also, there is a market within walking distance on the beach for souveniers and they have good buys that you can bargain for. Never take the first price when trying to purchase things because they will always come down tremendously on the price if you walk away.The resort also has a gym and a spa on property, but if you want to sit in the sauna you must make a reservation.Our room was nice with a jacuzzi tub, but it had a musty smell when we arrived, but I always travel with Febreeze so that eliminated the odor quickly. The rooms are cleaned every day once you put the plackard on the door knob and we also tipped the house keeper because she always did a good job of cleaning. The majority of the guest are Europeans, but that didn't pose a problem for us. However, on the beach and at the pool European women are often topless and small children may not have on swimming suits or swimming trunks. It's there culture so it has to be tolerated if vacationing at the Grand Palladium Bavaro.Overall, we enjoyed our trip and we will definitely return. ","annotations":[]}