{"text":"Not really worth it We paid around $350 a night for a suite at the Affinia 50 at a discounted price. The value we got was far inferior to this price even if it's not a bad hotel per-se. In a city like New York there are far better options available.We arrived there late night to find an indifferent check-in and a very large room completely unpopulated of furniture. The problems began rapidly: some of the parcels we had been expected were not there. I had contacted the hotel previously to request my parcels to be held. I assumed they were delayed.Once in the room, we found we had no hot water AND that the toilet was leaking water quite badly. We were so tired we just fixed it with a hanger - the Mexican way - until the next day. Not impressive.The next morning my girlfriend had a really important interview and the hot water wasn't coming. In the end it magically appeared, despite the front desk ignoring us. The toilet was fixed almost 24 hours after reporting it.The rooms do look a bit like the pictures, in a style I personally found quite disagreeable. Objectively, however, once inside the lobby you felt the place was a dump. We didn't see the famous bell boys with the hat until the day we were leaving, and the ridiculously small lobby with the potted trees and the fountain are not awe-inspiring considering the price we paid. If you get a deal, however, this wouldn't be concerning.Finally, our parcels were actually RETURNED TO SENDER by the hotel staff, and despite my repeated mentioning of how angry we were at this to various members of staff, including the manager, we did not get one dollar refunded off our ridiculously high fare. We got into an enormous amount of trouble to rescue some of the ones which were rescuable.In the end we did sleep and were well situated, but I'd recommend the Parker Meridien for a higher-end option if the price is right. There's thousands of options in the Big Apple to have to go through this. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1191,"mention":"the hat","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Hat"],"startOffset":1184}]}