{"text":"Met my needs at a reasonable price and in a great location OK, so it's not a 5 star hotel, but for the price and location I don't know of anything that can beat it.I was in Sydney on business and spent the first week at the Holiday Inn on Darling Harbour (they say on but it's actually a 5 minute walk away) and then transfered to the Travelodge when it came to parting with my own money for 5 days of sightseeing!Other people have complained about the hotel needing a facelift, and although it's not the Hilton it seemed perfectly adequate to me (and I spend many nights in hotels all over the world). In fact the standard of decor in my room was very similar to the Holiday Inn! On arrival I was asked if I wanted a quiet room facing onto the courtyard or a room onto the street; I chose the quiet room. Luckily it seems that the time I was there (end of August) it was pretty quiet without any visiting groups so I suppose it's just down to luck (my previous hotel filled up with a couple of bus loads of Japanese students). The room had a double bed as well as a microwave and sink. The bathroom was spacious with a walk in shower rather than a bath. In-room internet access was provided through an ethernet cable and Wi-Fi was also available, although I didn't use either of these. The room was very clean and tidy and the bed was always well made. I found the staff helpful and friendly. I didn't try the laundry facilities so can't comment on those.The hotel itself shares a building with the New South Wales rugby league, with a sports bar downstairs (where you get discounted drinks as a hotel guest) as well as slot machines and an off-licence (liquor store). There is also a cocktail bar and restaurant on the first floor, although this is closed on Sunday evenings. The breakfast was adequate with a cooked breakfast starting at A$14 for bacon, eggs and tomatoes. Sausages, mushrooms, beans etc can then be added at A$2 extra each. A continental breakfast was also available and included in the price of the cooked breakfast.In terms of location, it's well placed. It's right next to the financial district of Sydney, and is next door to the High Court, a subway station and main bus routes (which included the 333 to Bondi Beach). Many things are within a 5 - 10 minute walk, including the main shopping centre, Hyde Park and the Royal Botanic Gardens. Circular Quay, the Rocks, Sydney Harbour Bridge and Darling Harbour are all about 15 minutes away downhill, so a little longer walking back.Unless you're looking for a hotel to spend all your time in (and who would want to do that in Sydney), but want a reasonably priced room somewhere between budget backpackers rooms and the Hilton I'd recommend this as a good place to stay without breaking the bank. It's central location, clean rooms and adequate facilities knocks spots of many of the other comparably priced hotels I could find. ","annotations":[]}