{"text":"Good Location... This hotel is in a prime city location. We were able to walk around during the day and evening and felt safe. It is surrounded by office buildings and some other hotels. We had a room on the 3rd floor that faced the street. The noise was not too bad...until the police or an ambulance came by...then it was really bad. The room and lobby appear very modern. We chose to drive in Germany and drove from the airport. Parking is sparce. The hotel has about 10 spots and that's it. To enter for parking, you need to enter the driveway in front of a rollup door, ring a doorbell and find a space either at that level or via a car elevator in the basement which is very tight to maneuver in. The hotel has a gym in the basement with 3 or so machines which seems rather useless. They also have a decent sized sauna and a steam room that seats 2 very intimately. The hotel restaurant was pretty good. We ate breakfast there which included eggs to order and other european pastries and deli meats. We ate dinner there once too. It also was prepared well, good service and priced decent for what we got. Overall I would stay here again if I had business in Frankfurt. However, as a tourist, I would look a little harder next time. The front desk staff were courteous and did what they could to understand english. One word of note...don't get driving directions from them. Ask for a map and do it yourself. The hotel is close to the train station and that was convienent too. The room was fairly modern with a glass bathroom, low bed, small desk and decent television. Housekeeping did a good job. The A\/C wasn't as powerful or as cold as what I'm used to while traveling in the US but it kept it comfortable. We had a regular room that was $161.00 euro per night. Again...not bad but next time I think I would look into the Sofitel which is on a quiet street 2 blocks away. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":989,"mention":"pastries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":981}]}