{"text":"The best part of my holiday was staying at the Banks Mansion Staying at the Banks Mansion was fabulous. When we arrived we were taken to our room, 406, by Pamela, who was so nice throughout our stay. When she opened the door we were overwhelmed by how beautiful the room was. The main room was huge with a large sofa and two armchairs with footstools. There was a widescreen tv and dvd player. The bathroom was divine with a jacuzzi bath and walk-in shower and two sinks. The bedroom, yes seperate bedroom had the biggest bed I have ever seen. When we lay on the bed together and stretched out we did not touch each other. There were 4 windows which overlooked everywhere. The room was so nice we did not even want to go out.It is true the drinks are all complimentary. There is only a small sample of drinks in your room, but downstairs there is a larger variety. Just go and help yourself. There is also snacks and sweets to pig out on all day.Unfortunately, breakfast was not so great. It was just okay. There was not a lot of variety and it was not very tasty. Maybe I am just being fussy.This hotel was in the middle of everything. We did not really need the tram or train tickets because we walked almost everywhere, even late at night. Even though most of the days were sunny, it was always cold, particularly in the shade, and freezing at night. Forget sandals and shorts. Bring comfortable shoes. Forget the party clothes, most people dress casual and comfortable and warm.When you get to the airport, do take the connexions bus return fare for 19.50 euros.The bus will stop about 50m away from the front door. The hotel staff will confirm your return for you, this time the bus will stop right outside. You do not need to buy any maps because everywhere you go someone will give you a map.The best piece of advice I took prior to arriving in Amsterdam was to buy my tickets for Van Gogh museum online, the queue was enormous and we felt quite smug when we just walked straight to the front.If you are going to Amsterdam you will not regret staying at the Banks Mansion. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":923,"mention":"sweets","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Candy"],"startOffset":917}]}