{"text":"Resort Beautiful-Country Beware!!! I feel i must put this at the beginning of my review so that i can get this information to as many people as possible. BEWARE of the security people at the airport. When we were leaving to come home and our belongings were being searched the man searching my bag stole $50.00 out of my purse. I caught him and reached acrossed the table grabbed his hand and found my $50 in his hand. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE keep your money and any other true valuables on your person when going through security. Just for the record I had a bag full of gifts and they never looked in it. He went striaght for my purse unzipped the compartment my money was and and went through it.  Ok now on to the vacation itself.Iberostar Dominicana was beautiful(the grounds)The rooms were ok, we were in a suite it was old we had numerous problems throughout the week but they were taken care of right away. Take an airfreshener, the suites smell like sewer sometimes after it rains.(it rains at least once almost every day)The food was average, I have been to all inclusives with better and worse. You could always find something to eat. It did get old but lets face it folks, you get what you pay for. We had 6 in our group(3 couples) all with different taste and none of us had a problem finding something to eat. None of us got sick either. Once or twice some diarrhea, but nothing horrible.The ala carte restaurants were good. We did Mexican, Gourmet, and the Steak house. All were good nothing fantastic but a nice change. The Gourmet would have been awesome if they hadnt overcooked the lobster.The beach was beautiful, the waves made being in the water so much more fun than in Mexico when you are on the Gulf and there are no waves. We had one in our group who was an early riser, so he would save us an umbrella. But if you dont need an umbrella, there were always chairs available. The pool was very nice but cold. Not too bad once you were in it. But there is a lot of shade by the pool area. The service was good. No drink serice at the beach or the pool. Drinks are like they are at most all inclusives. Very weak!We always take insulated mugs and they are glad to fill them for you. You can ask for extra alcohol but it is still rather weak.The entertainment was good when you saw them. But out of 7 nights there were only 2 nights that there was a true show. The other 5 nights they were corny audience participation shows. Overall we had an awesome time. The two couples that were with us, it was their first time to resort like this and they loved it. Doubt that i will ever go back. Mostly because of the incident at the airport. One other thing. When you travel off the resort to excursions you are taking your life in your hands. The roads are terrible and there are no driving rules. We did the snorkling trip and horseback riding on the beach. The snorkle trip was a blast.The horseback ride was not as nice. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1524,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1520}]}