{"text":"MASSIVE reconstructive surgery needed. Neither cheap nor cheerfull. We stayed here on the nights of November 9th and 10th 2008.We were VERY sad to have left the excellent 5 star we had just stayed in (reveiew here) yet as this hotel had been pre-payed we were obliged. We upgraded to a very large delux room out of necessity as soon as we saw how tired, small and pokey the standard room was. Time travel in the worst sence not only in decor but in that it reminded me of ropey hotels i had stayed in when travelling as a student. Nostalgia of the unwelcome kind.This former Jolly hotel (an italian chain) was purchaced by the spanish group NH two years ago but it seems that not a euro has been speant to give it a very needed facelift - this place is way past botox helping. It is classed as a fourstar but in this day and age it is rather a poor big akward 3 star. Class it as a budget travelling experience that is neither cheap nor cheerfull.One member of the mainly Italian staff was very helpful and friendly whilst the others were much less charming or efficient than they could have been. Desipte our informing them of our arrival at 15hrs on the sunday afternoon the day before our room was not ready before 17h30 !! A complimentary drink to apologise went someway to reducing our dissappointment. The corridors are dusty, old and depressing as was our room despite its spaciousness. The bathroom was small by modern standards and the shower curtain too short which soaked the floor after two showers. We were informed that housekeeping was off duty after 17hrs so the floor would remain like that till the next morning. Fresh towels were provided however. The complimentary toileteries, though seeming modern with their vivid colours, stank. The bed was uncomfortable which rendered the modern 'lifestyle' approach of a pillow menu totally futile and incongruous. The room was realy cold at night. There is no roomservice after 22h.Beware, incidentals were really expensive, Internet accces was 22 euros aday. Parking 80 Euros for two days and the minibar, badly appointed and a rip off.Over all this hotel needs to decide whether it become a cheaper budget hotel or a more luxurious destination .. in either case it needs a LOT OF MONEY SPENT TO MAKE IT A PLEASANT PLACE TO STAY. The location is good however and we had a good view over the bustling flower market. Ill be giving the NH Carlton a miss .... until at least i have heard of its having undergone massive reconstructive surgery. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":580,"mention":"Jolly","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Jolly_Cola"],"startOffset":575}]}