{"text":"Could be 5 star with attention to small details We stayed at the Water Club for 7 nights. While the location was great, there are some things that could be attended to that would make this a great hotel. Our room was nice - on the 9th floor, with a french balcony. We booked a deluxe room online and we had an ocean view - not ocean front, but we could see the ocean. It had a king bed, with a tv. Very clean. Now the issues - there was no bureau in our room, so we had to live out of our suitcases. Not a big deal, but there wasnt even a closet in our room. There was a space that looked like it would be a closet, but there was this desk drawer thing that made it impossible to hang up a dress or pair of pants. The mini bar - and I use that term loosely - was set up on top of this desk drawer. It was a wooden tray with some snacks in it - no refridgerator or anything. We didn't have a safe or an ironing board in the room - we did have an iron. We called down and they brought us up a safe and ironing board. Well, if you can carry a safe up, you can carry it out of the room - it wasn't bolted down or anything. And, it didn't work. So I am glad that I didn't bring my laptop. We would just put our valuables in a suitcase and lock the suitcase - not the best security, but better than nothing. And nothing was ever taken. We were also missing the binder with all of the hotel info, room service menu, etc in it. So on a night when it rained, we went down to the front desk to ask for a room service menu - they said it was in the binder, which we didn't have. We were also missing the marker for the Your Desires board, so we could never communicate what we needed. These were all of the little things that we felt could have been taken care of and would have made a big difference. It in no way ruined our trip, just made for some annoyance. And our shower leaked all over the place - we just put towels down to absorb the water. The bar on the roof was great and we had some good sushi and drinks there one night.We booked the trio tour package through the hotel, which was to the Rain Forest, Luquillo Beach and the Bioluminescent Bay. We highly recommend it; Debbie our tour guide was great. We also spent one day in Old San Juan and toured the 2 forts - definitely worth seeing.We walked every night down to the other main hotels - Intercontinental, El San Juan  the Ritz. The ESJ is gorgeous - definitely check it out. We had a great dinner at the Palm Restaurant in the ESJ. Overall, we enjoyed our stay...but it could have been great if the hotel worked on their attention to details. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":75,"mention":"the Water Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Water_Club"],"startOffset":61}]}