{"text":"Pretty good hotel, a bit out of the way though. The bastion hotel is pretty good I guess, although a bit basic. I have no complaints regarding the hotel and its services. Everything was adequate. The main problem with Bastion was its location. Its located between 2 tram stops, so its a 10-minute hike to get to a tram stop. This might sound not so bad, but you have to consider how many times per day you ll have to do it ( in our case 4 times ) and in what state. We didnt mind so much the hike when we started our day in the morning, but coming back at the evening or night, dead tired from all the walking and sightseeing, that 10 minute ( 1 km ) hike seemed like a lot! Moreover the area around the hotel is described at best, as boring and uninteresting. There was a HUGE construction site on on side and woods on the other with a canal crossing. The area is not like the absolutely magical centre of Amsterdam with the lovely canals and magnificent buildings. Its pretty boring. Once you got to the tram stop, the actual journey to central Amsterdam lasted only about 10 minutes. Amsterdam is QUITE small. Looking at the location of Bastion on a map, it seems like its out in the suburbs, but in reality its distance from the centre is very small! The hotel is located right next to a flyover road crossing and finding its entrance is trickier than you might expect. If you re traveling with the tram follow these steps.... Get off at Surinameplein station. You ll be able to spot the hotel, about 1 km down the main road. Now its the tricky part..... DONT approach it by walkin on the side of the road where the hotel actually is!!!! You must walk on the opposite side of the road. If you do that, then halfway through, you ll notice that the sidewalk splits up and one can either remain on the street level or follow a path that descends. You must take the path that descends. If you stay on street level, or if you walk on the other side of the road, when you finally approach the hotel you ll discover with horror that the entrance of the hotel is located lower than the street level! You ll find yourself standing on a bridge, overlooking the entrance from about 5 metters altitude! Thats what happened to us, and then we had to walk all the way back towards the station (carrying heavy luggage) and pick the right path this time. This has to be the most frustration i ve ever had to face while trying to get to a hotel. If you re on the right path, you ll end up in the same lower level where the hotel is, and after turning left and passing under the aforementioned bridge you ll reach the hotel at last. I hope this didnt sound too confusing. Maybe it would be a good idea to reach the hotel with a taxi for the first time in order to get your bearings. ","annotations":[]}