{"text":"great family hotel We stayed at the dynasty' with 2 adults and 2 children aged 4 and 5 years. This is a great hotel for families, 'kids clubs' is good, but our 5 year old did wander out, and lickily we were at the large pool and she found us, but as you can imajine we were upset. They did come looking for her about 15mins later and were very sorry. They do have the sign in sign out system and the 2 door system, but the door locks are brocken!? The kids culb is run by Helen and she is lovely, it does need a liitle attention though, not may toys or activities to keep the children amused for long periods, i found it was great to utilise every 2 to 3 days to have 2 or 3 hrs break and for the kids to interact for this time, after that they wanted to leave, which for us worked well.The pool area is big, with enough pool lounges for all, and pools for everyone,kids pool has a great slide -big hit! there is activities in the arvo, --go the BINGO!The pool service is also good, lunches around the pool yummy, and kids enjoyed the food, but typical 'chips and nuggets' no salads or sandwiches. Irish Pub is great, and the theme' dinners in the hotel are worth it. Brekky is fantastic. Definatley think about having this include in your packaged, as there is not a lot of choice close out on the street.Security is very efficient, with checks on everyone and vehicles coming into the hotel.We stayed in the 'kids suite', this worked for us they are spacious and have an outside balcony, the kids room is good for kids space, but is small,so no play space on floor.All in all I would rate this hotel a great 3 star, if you are expecting a 4 star, then you may be dissapointed as it is getting a little tired. Position is good, a fair bit quieter than Kuta, but we have stayed in this area 3 times before and I would rather stay in the Legian area, alot more small eateries and the beaches are great with the local feel,if you are looking for a family (very) friendly hotel that you can almost cocoon in, than this is well worth a look.A mention to a few reviews prior about the sometimes roudyness and the pool bar.There is a pool bar, so that will always tell me that people will be sitting there and mabey have one too may hol'cheer!. Therefore this pool bar is like every other one I have seen. Yes people are drinking at it.The whole time I was there it did not get to roudy, if anything a little bit a light entertainment. At happy hour the music might get a bit loud if you are closer but just move. And yes alot of Aussies, but it is a family hotel. We never heard other children or adults through our room and around the pool was the same. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1082,"mention":"salads","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Salad"],"startOffset":1076},{"endOffset":1096,"mention":"sandwiches","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":1086}]}