{"text":"Loved Dreams!!!! After reading a few reviews, we were concerned..... but we just returned from 7 days of heaven at Dreams Punta Cana. The Dreams team welcomed us home at arrival with champagne and smiles, Kelvin at the front desk worked his magic and then the Dreams team continued this service throughout the week. Two families with children (ranging from 10 to 17). Everyone was busy, happy and entertained for a full week! Go figure?! As this seems to be a big issue, we didn't have pool chair problems, although prime seating is best obtained by 9 - 930 am. Tipping is a good idea and be prepared to leave the deposit for snorkel gear ($20 cash) and take the lesson ($25 cash) before leaving the beach with a sail craft. The banana boat ride is $15 \/ per for 15 min but looked like great fun (we have a boat and tube at home so we skipped this event). The paddle gear is free free free and the whole gang had a great time kayaking. The snorkeling at the resort is fabulous, be sure to grab some rolls from the lunch barbeque to feed the angel  pencil fish. Out a bit (to the bouys) are great corals. Parasailing is not offered at this resort, however a ride (50 minutes) takes you to Bavaro Beach where they do offer this, however it's not encouraged by the hotel for safety reasons. The free scuba lesson in the pool (thank you Antonio) is short, but a good lead into a real water dive ($80 for your first dive), but not for the claustrophobic. To say that August is HOT is the understatement, but the resort long pool and the ocean kept us cooled off. The pool events (waterpolo, volleyball and the bar) were great fun and we made cool friends from all over the world. The food was good, we ate as a table everyone ordering something different from the menu and sharing. No matter what, the buffet will make every, any and all happy. We had a short wait one night (mexican and 30 minutes) but the alcohol is plentiful! Make a friend or many in the entertainers... our crew would have been lost without Fifty Cent  Usher entertaining the middle pool and making us laugh and dance at the evening entertainment. Tell'm Jimmy  Mike sent you! Play the games, ALL of them during the day at the pool, collect your winnings and head to the evening auction. Bidding is high, so collect all the winnings you can if you want the bottle of babymaker or the free massage!The Disco scene had a few late night incidents while we were there, contained quickly by hotel security. That's what you'll have with that much sunshine and alcohol! Be sure Mom's and Dad's to visit the Core Zone and show your kids how you can ride the mechanical bull! Late evening matches of soccer (futball) and basketball kept the kids busy and entertained! If you take an off resort tour, Cesar will hook you up, but remember it is a third world country and the roads and the view are NOT what we're used to in the US! We found that snorkeling at the resort first to get the kids used to it and then offsite was great fun. Take snacks, remember, no McDonalds along the way! If you want a Dolphin tour, book it the day you get there, DO NOT WAIT, they were sold out for the week when we went Day 2 of our week to reserve. Spanish is key, if you have the skill GREAT, if not there are plenty of staffers \/ managers that can help guide you in English, or visit the middle pool lessons...... with my brother from another mother.... Fifty Cent, tell'm Sandy Crawford sent you! ","annotations":[]}