{"text":"Dreams is a lovely resort We visited Dreams the first week of February(3 - 10). The resort is quite similiar to the Majestic but with the vegetation being more developed allowing you privacy on your balcony.We had a deluxe room overlooking the pool. (building five) The rooms are adequate and clean but a bit on the small side (however we did not find it a problem as we are not in them very long). We did notice the buildings that contained the suites that it seemed all the suites were quite large with double balconies. We were offered an upgrade upon arrival (however we felt that it was not necessary and a bit costly $100\/night). Many people have complained about the the half glass door in the shower, but that was not a problem (exactly the same style as the Bahia chain), however my problem was minor....I felt the tub was a bit to high off the floor and found that getting in and out was a bit hard (guess I will have to grow..LOL)The pool is lovely, very clean, and never feels full of people (with the exception of around the pool bar) it goes just about the entire length of the resort. They have a couple of special areas for the kids to play, along with many floaties available for your use. But I will say it is one of the worst resorts I have been to in regards to the towel game, however once again that did not bother us as we are always at the beach. I think this situation might be worse than previously as there is now no towel cards and guests are allowed as many towels as they want, therefore they can save seats at both the beach and pool.The beach is nice for its location as it is not on Bavaro beach. Tthere is coral in the water on the main part of the beach (not a problem if you had water shoes or were careful) but a bit to the left (by the boat rental booth)the swimming is absolutely amazing (nice sandy bottom). The food was also very good. The al la cartes do not require reservations which we found to be nice. We tried all the al la cartes (except the Oceana) and thorougly enjoyed them. The Bordeaux was my absolute favorite. The buffet as well was very good and you never had trouble getting a table even during peak times.The entertainment was also pretty good. We arrived on Superbowl Sunday and the resort put on a huge Superbowl party with the game on the big screen. It made you feel like you were at a football tailgate party. The shows as well were pretty entertaining, expecially the nights that the guests were involved.All the staff (bartenders, maids, gardeners, etc) are very friendly, helpful and quite fluent in English. Please take the time to speak with them. On my husbands birthday I left a note for our maid asking for a couple of balloons and when we came back from the beach at the end of the day, the room was completely decorated with balloons and flowers. What an awesome touch.There is some construction\/upgrading going on still around the resort but did not find it to be bothersome at all. They are re-tiling the sidewalks in a few areas but it really is not inconvenient. There were also doing some replanting of some of their gardens. One night when we came home around 10 there was a very large crew of gardenders working on a garden in the middle of the pool. When we went by them the garden was completely empty and when we woke up we saw a gorgeous garden. Our room overlooked where they were working and we did not hear a thing all night long. It really is hard to find something wrong about this resort at all. The only negative we found is the drive to and from, it takes about 1 1\/2 hours and the road after you pass the Majestic Colonial is very poor. I am sure once the rest of the road has been done it will be a much quicker ride.However, that being said it was a very nice 5 star resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1832,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1828},{"endOffset":3755,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3751}]}