{"text":"You get what you pay for at the Condado My wife, nine year old daughter, seven year old son and I just spent four nights at the Candado plaza (we are from NJ). The room was cheap and the pool was fantastic. We are pretty seasoned island travelors and we did have a great time. However we are on the adventerous side and did our research beforehand and knew what we were getting into. The owners are fighting to maintain and renovate a giant Resort and they are losing the fight. This place needs big corporate Hotel money to survive. You could count on something breaking down. For us it was the main pool (which was a big bummer) but they fixed it and I tracked the fix from talking directly to the pool repair company (hotel\/no straight answer). They needed a pump and of course the hotel didn't have an extra one or backup system. The main pool is THE attraction and if it ain't working just pack the kids up and move on. One of two elevators was off and on the whole stay and that made for long waits. I'm just warning the people who think they are staying at the El San Juan or something like Mandalay Bay. It ain't that at all. However there are great restaurants down the street that are stand alone operations with competive pricing and great quality. You can also just walk to Old San Juan and get some culture. The Beach at the Condado is a public thing on a questionable lagoon. But hey! Hundred bucks a night, great pool w\/ a big slide that kept the kids going all day long. Clean rooms, great views, safe area, museums, forts, swim up bar, in room frig, bodega 100 feet away. Did I mention the pool? Hurry and get there before it falls in to the Ocean. We had fun and it was a very friendly place. Flip flops and your favorite button downs will do. You will find mostly locals at the dining establishments down the streets which is encouraging and they dress very well, however you might feel ridiculous with the official Bermuda uniform on if you know what I mean. Bottomline: Worth my money and vacation time. ","annotations":[]}