{"text":"Had a great time We visited this resort Aug 11-18. This was our 4th trip to DR, but our first stay at this resort. We were very happy with everything. We did keep in mind that we got a great deal and weren't staying at a 5 star hotel. Our check in procedure went smoothly. We had a room facing the pool and with an ocenview. The room was very well airconditioned and very clean. We had no problems all week with anything related to our room. The door to the balcony did not lock, but there was no handle on the outside door, so we didn't have any concerns about anyone getting in. We also did not use the safety box and had no problem with anyone bothering our stuff.The beach was beautiful and the pools were great. The beach actually reminded us of Myrtle Beach or Daytone Beach with the waves. It's was lots of fun to play in. Unfortunately it was a little too rough to snorkel in which is one of our favorite things to do. We could have taken an excursion, but we had so much fun on the beach we didn't miss the snorkeling. We had no trouble getting beach chairs either. We usually got lounge chairs down close to the water on the beach in the morning and then moved around later in the day. It wasn't a problem to get a covered area later in the day. We found the wait staff to be very friendly and helpful and even playful at times. We enjoyed the buffet for breakfast every morning and then ate at one of the beachfront grills for lunch. We maybe had to wait a little bit for drinks, but you could see the staff was busy so we didn't mind the wait. It is also obvious that they do work long, hard days and most of the time don't receive a whole lot of thanks for what they do. We always tried to leave a dollar or two for our wait staff and they were always very pleasant and did everything they could do to make us happy. We also tried to learn a little Spanish so we could talk a little with them. From other reviews we thought most of the staff did not know English, but most everyone we ran into knew enough to understand what we wanted.We ate at the Dominican, Italian, Brazilian, and Mexican specialty restaurants. We enjoyed all of them especially the Brazilian. The wait staff at each of these restaurants were also very good.The resort itself is beautiful. The walk through the mangroves is very pretty, lots of lush palms and trees and water areas. They also had music piped in which was very pleasant. The buildings were very pretty and there was a little water garden area out in front of the specialty restaurants that was very nice. The staff tried hard to keep the resort looking good. The thing that we noticed was there were lots of cigarette butts on the beach and lots of trash, but that was because people don't know how to clean up after themselves and can't use the ashtrays that are very readily available as are the trash cans.It didn't seem that the hotel kept you very informed of activities going on in the evening. One night there was a beach party that we stumbled upon, then one night there was fire works at midnight. It was very pleasant thing, but a little shocking to be awaken out of a dead sleep with exploding fireworks. We enjoyed this resort a lot and would be happy to come back to this resort anytime! ","annotations":[]}