{"text":"Great Option for AA Arena Events This is an extended stay hotel in a part of town that is not particularly happening, except for the fact that the American Airlines arena is just down the street. I think most of the clientelle is business travellers who are there for more than a few days, but they rent out their extra units on a nightly basis for a very very affordable rate. The units are exceptionally clean, have a full kitchen, and the parking situation is outstanding. Basically, there is a parking garage next to the hotel, with an keyed-entry on every floor so you can basically park right on your floor. It's very convenient if you have groceries or large luggage. You can come as you go as you please, and parking is free. There is no restaurant, but there is a little market where you can buy stuff to keep in your refrigerator or cook on your cooktop. There also is a better-than-I-expected buffet breakfast. The key advantage to this place is if you're going to events at American Airlines arean. The arena is a 6 minute walk if you take the short cut, and a 7 minute walk if you don't. In other words, it's very close. Several of the people staying there seemed to be folks from far away places in Texas that came for games (the mavericks and the stars play at AA) and didn't want to do the back and forth drive in one day.The price was unbelievable -- we got an AAA deal that was less than a third of the price of the fancy W hotel which is also right near the arena. It's a little hard to find from the highway, so the front desk staff seemed a bit overwhelmed at times having to be on the phone to give directions. But they were otherwise very friendly and helpful. Given the nature of the extended stay accomodations and the fact that each room has a big kitchen and stuff, housekeeping takes a while, so I got the sense that early check ins and late check outs are rare.If you're looking for a full comprehensive Dallas vacation hotel, this is probably not the place location wise. But if you want a kitchen, an actual bedroom with a door that closes off, free parking, and easy access, this is a great option. Very pleased with this choice. ","annotations":[]}