{"text":"Glad to be out of there! On our last night in Florida, we decided to stay near the airport. After calling around and asking at several hotels, we ended up at Howard Johnson. And I really mean ended up!The lady at the front desk gave me the feeling I really disturbed her by trying to check in. And I didn't even discuss with her. I just asked for the room price, agreed, gave her my credit card and made the mistake to ask if I could earn American Airline Miles with a stay there. She said annoyed NO!, and it was finished for her.Acutally, you can earn AA-Miles there (as the sign on the desk next to her sais...). The hotel advertised big with free Wi-Fi Internet, which would have been very helpful for us on the day before flying back to Trinidad, with organizing our day, the rental car return, etc.Unfortunately there was no wifi in the room. The was a plugin for an ethernet cable, which wasn't there neither. I didn' even bother to ask at the front desk for one.We had to go the the chaotic lobby for getting a wifi-connection. Terrible! People running around, everybody is stressed (since the front desk lady doesn't make things easier) and there was a funny smell.Acutally the whole hotel had a funny smell, toilet like. I don't really know.After all, the room was quite clean. The bathroom was a bit dirty, anyhow. The A\/C was very old. We were afraif of breaking it, when we tried to regulate the temperature. We had the coice: hot or cold! That was it!We couldn't open the window, since we had the highway in front of it.It was very loud at Howard Johnson. At 1 a.m. some body thought it was funny to give us a call on the room telephone. When we answered, sleepy, nobody was there. We didn't think it was funny, anyhow.....Two hours later a group of guests came back from where ever and decided to let the whole hotel know. When that noise went away after some time, our neighbours put on their TV, so that I was standing in bed.I didn't get any sleep and had to fly back to Trinidad the next day.In the morning, there was a complementary breakfast. They had donoughts, juice, some croissants and toast. It was allright for free, although the breakfast room smelled funny as well.......The ckeck out was like the ckeck in. It was the same lady (I wonder if she was working the whole night. That would explain her mood, but still it shouldn't be my problem...), she was still annoyed and was happy to get rid of me so fast.After all, we figured out, that it shouldn't call itself an airport hotel, since the airport is about 7 miles away from the hotel.....I would never ever consider to stay at that particular Howard Johnson again. And since I didn't hear too much good stuff from the other Howard Johnsons, I think that something else would always be my first choice. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2106,"mention":"croissants","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Croissant"],"startOffset":2096},{"endOffset":2116,"mention":"toast","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Toast"],"startOffset":2111}]}