{"text":"OK for Holiday Way below Intercontinental Quality The hotel is OK at best. It does have a couple of high points but is in need of much work. Here is my breakdown after spending a week at the hotel.Rooms:The rooms are in pretty run down condition. They are old and outdated and not very clean. Probably the worst part of the entire hotel is the rooms. They need a lot of work. All rooms ending in 05 such as 1405 are very small because of the stairwell. Stay away from these rooms. The city view side is not bad it does face the airport a couple of blocks away but the windows are fairly well insulated. You do have a distant view of the bay. Casino:The casino is very run down compared to the neighboring hotels the Ritz, El San Juan and Courtyard. We did not win any money at the IC but did well at all the other casinos. It is very smoky, full of rowdy locals and many of the machines do not work. Beach: The beach is nice for a fairly poputated stretch ot sand. Water and sand are both clean. Warm water in November probably around 80 degrees. There are reefs right off the beach here but not recommended to snorkel due to motor boats and jet skis. The beach is a big plus. Chairs from the IC and umbrellas are free.Pool: Was closed and has been closed for a couple of months they keep backing up the reopening date from early OCt to late to mid of November. The current condition is probably reflective of a December opening. It looks like it is nice but not open. Many checking in were very upset and we witnesses many confrontations with management because they were not disclosing this if you already had reservations. It is in very small print on their website.Surroundings:It is San Juan. Probably not the safest of cities. But we felt safe walking at night in the immediate 10 blocks of the hotel. There were a lot of police patroling the streets. You just have to be smart you do not want to be walking around by your self or with all your money on you. But it appeared Carolina where the hotel is was a better area of Puerto Rico. Hope this helps. We would go back to San Juan however we would look for new accomodations next. ","annotations":[]}