{"text":"Okay Well my husband and I stayed at this hotel for two weeks from Jan.17-31st. It is claimed to be a five star but we truly feel that it's more like a 3. I also read the reviews before we went and but my husband and I are optimistic people and we take everything with a grain of salt. We thought that no matter what it's like we're going to make the best of it, and we did, however;I do have to say that the beach is BEAUTIFUL and the sand is so powdery soft, we loved that aspect. The beach is huge, and like others have said save a chair if you want shade and a good spot, well by the time you save a chair you are far away from everything. You miss out on the entertaintment, your far away from the drinks and food. Not that big of a problem to us but others it might find it annoying.I seriously thought how can you go wrong with a 5 star....the room makes a HUGE difference and I never thought it would have. The beds, yes, are hard, there are nails in the wall but no pictures...weird. Our maid did a horrible job at cleaning the room and when asked her for more towels she didn't like that. A sprite bottle broke on our floor and we moved the coffee table to the side for the maid to clean but she ended up just moving the table back over top of the broken glass. I couldn't believe that just happened. The cockroaches, now don't get me started! They are everywhere, in the shower, in your bed, walking on the floor, in your clothes, in the suitcases...etc....I couldn't believe that. By the second week I was annoyed enough killing them didn't bother me any more...lol. THe fridge was always stocked, but the coffee that was a problem. We had three days without coffee and dead roached all over our floors. Finally I had enough and had to call the front desk for someone else to come and clean our room. It's not like we didn't leave tips, we gave everyone tips no matter what. We also didn't get any towel art....and that was my favortie thing in Mexico was the creative ways of turning your towels into art. But o well.The food....to make this short....we got sick for three days each, and we couldn't eat for thoes three days. We were so bored of the food it was unreal. Usually people gain weight on vacations but both of us actually lost....yeah. They didn't change the buffet style for the two weeks we were there and really weird food options....so like others say stick to the omelets and pastas.We talked with others on excursions we went on and some of them were staying at Baha Principe and Occidential, other 5 stars and they loved it. Their rooms beautiful, pool was big enough to accommodiate the amount of people at the resort, food always different and they said it way yummy....so I don't understand why the huge difference. We met people at our resort and they felt the same way we did.There is also a casino and the night bar is outside of the resort, which the locals are allowed in. We didn't go becuase we felt, from what we heard, it wasn't safe.So, basically I wouldn't come back and yes everybodys tastes are different....but we spent some good coin to come here and felt it wasn't a good experience. We will some day come back to Punta Cana but definately NOT this hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1157,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1151},{"endOffset":1677,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1671}]}