{"text":"had a great time! Let me tell you that my wife and I are from San Francisco, CA and this was our first time to Puerto Rico. Being the control freak that I am I researched multiple web sites reading all the reviews on Puerto Rico Hotels, ranging from 3 star to the highest priced hotels. Interestingly, I found no hotel that had a perfect score- there's always going to be some that have a problem with something. We were constrained to being close to the cruise ship, so I focused on the San Juan area. I saw lots of complaints about the Caribe, but enough good reviews to take a chance- that balanced with some of the photos people posted and the going prices at the time made it the optimal value\/price ratio.We did opt for the ocean view and we did have a wonderful view of the bay. However, you could see the rooftop of the 1st floor structure and it had some noisy a\/c equipment. We were on the upper level so it wasn't so bad and you couldn't hear it at all if the window was closed. The room did smell a bit moldy when we first came in - like the a\/c filter hadn't been cleaned in a long time. But it went away after keeping it on for awhile and opening the window. The room was otherwise nice and clean, and the mattresses extremely comfortable- slept VERY well.But you shouldn't stay in your room- the Caribe has some wonderful facilities. The pool area is fantastic, with multiple levels. There is a pool bar that is interesting, but the drinks were so-so and a bit overpriced. The Caribe also has their own private bay and beach which is fantastic. My favorite part was all the hammocks under the palm trees- I took a nap there. That was heaven. Also a nice promenade that is right on the ocean.For eating, we tried the Spanish restaurant on the premises. I thought the food was quite good, but don't order cocktails- opt instead for a good Spanish wine as they don't do cocktails very well. The breakfast buffet is also very good and I liked the exotic fruit juices they had. Eat outside on the patio and watch the geckos go by- inside was a bit too cold for us. I wish we had tried the other restaurants, but ended up eating at Ramiros, which was highly rated but we found disappointing (except for the wine). Seems like a lot of people have problems with the service. We had none. In fact, I found the staff was very helpful and courteous and always available to answer questions. We also used the on-site tour shop to go to the rain forest. It was well run and we had a good time. However, we were at the Caribe in August which is off season. My feeling is that when the East Coast crowd shows up it takes on a different character. I can see if that place is packed with families how it could take on a more stressful atmosphere. I will stay here again if I come back to Puerto Rico. ","annotations":[]}