{"text":"Great Location! Good Value! Excellent Service! For our 2007 Summer vacation, we chose Berlin and used TripAdvisor to select our hotel. As we had Marriott points available, we booked this hotel since it was was highly rated and centrally located. Great choice as it turned out.We arrived approx. 8:00 am from our Continental overseas flight and took a fifteen-minute taxi ride (cost for 2 adults\/one child with tip - E 20) to the hotel. We received good service at check-in since we had requested a smoking\/2 double bed room which was available for early check-in. The only thing we didn't receive as requested was the better east view which oversees East Berlin and most of the old buildings (note: the west and north sides face office buildings and the south view would be over the Park). We also upgraded to the Executive Floor status (located on the 10th floor - our room was on the 9th Floor) which we recommend without question. For a cost of E 80\/day, we received breakfast, unlimited drinks, snacks, evening buffet and evening desserts. It was so nice to come in after a long day of tourist jaunts and have a glass of champagne and nibble on whatever was available. Well worth the cost and we made the effort to tip every night to the staff since we had such great service. As to the hotel, there was no complaints since service, cleaning, and any requests were handled promptly. The location is, without question, convenient and safe. You have access to unlimited taxis, subways, buses and trains within two blocks of the hotel. Also, there are so many tourist sites located within walking distance of the hotel including Sony Center (Film Museum, Legoland), Brandenberg Gate, the Unter de Linden, the Reichstag, Jewish Memorial Site, Teddy Bear Park, etc. You can take the No. 100\/200 buses to all of the other tourist locations while enjoying the view. You can also visit Potsdam via the U-2 subway to the Zoo and then transfer to the S-Bahn 7 (highly recommended but you need at least two days to do Potsdam justice). Also, the hotel is around the corner from the pick-up locations for several tourist buses that give you the running commentary as you travel about. We also recommend picking up the Berlin Welcome Card and enjoy the free transport as well as the discounts to numerous tourist activities. In summary, you can't go wrong with this hotel if you want American 4-to-5 star standards of size, service and facilities in your Berlin hotel in a convenient, central location. ","annotations":[]}