{"text":"Ok for the price. Not the best place to stay if you are looking for Romance We've been to Waikiki before, so we did not care about the place we were staying at. We just wanted a bed to crash onto after a busy day under the sun. Honestly, I am just giving a 3 stars to this hotel because of the money we saved. I would not give it this rating otherwise.The CONS:1-) I believe it is BADLY managed. They had fumigation of entire floors during the high season. Luckily, it was not on my room floor. Other people were not so lucky.2-) They have 6 elevators. 3 serving up to the 24th floor in one side, and 3 serving the 25th and upper in the other side. For both sides, 1 was broken. That meant 2 elevators serving each side. To make things worse, the housekeeping people were locking the elevators in the floors to load and unload their things. The elevator lobby was always packed with people waiting to go up. Once I forgot my wallet in the room. In the end, I spent 20 min to go up and get back down to the lobby. The elevator was killing!!! Again, BADLY managed.3-) Customer service is inconsistent. Sometimes excellent, sometimes OK, sometimes bad. Nobody answered when I pressed guest services on the phone. Other times, I felt the agents were not prepared to answer basic questions and perform basic tasks such as giving info to tourists. (I worked in a hotel for several years and I do know what i am talking about)4-) The bathroom tub was rusty and moldy. What can I say about it?5-) Housekeeping knocks at your door at 9 AM. Well, we were tired and wanted to sleep more. Who would wake up so early after a long day and some drinks? Not us... Did I mention it is BADLY managed?6-) Not only 3 blocks of the beach, but several blocks. About 12 blocks of the main attractions (international market, mall, brand stores, ect) So, be prepared to walk. (Not a big deal to us since we already knew about it before hand)The PROS:1-) Cheap. Saved me a lot of money compared to other hotels.2-) It is still in Waikiki.3-) Offers a free pseudo-continental breakfast everyday. It's too bad that it ends at 9 AM. Too early.4-) it has free internet at the lobby (at least that)5-) It was really cheap.In Summary:If you have time and money, stay somewhere else nicer and closer to the beach. If you have no money, but need a place to crash, stay there. You will save some bucks. Go prepared and with plans ready because if you are counting on the agents and almost non-existent internet to get information, you are screwed.Definitely, not for honeymooners or any sort of romantic getaways. ","annotations":[]}