{"text":"Awesome!!!!! My husband and I are seasoned travellers and we have to say that our eight day stay at Excellence Punta Cana between March 3rd to the 10th was the one of the best hotels we every stayed at ! Sure there might have been some blemishs with the hotel but that is to be expected as any place ages. The ride from the airport was about an hour in a mini van which was included in our package. Our driver was great he stopped along the way so the guys could grab a couple of beers. Our check-in was a breeze and the bellboys were very helpful taking our stuff to our rooms.We were on the ground floor, with our own little backyard and a two minute walk to the beach if that.The room was very comfortable with a king and a jacuzi tub, with a separate shower.There was a mini bar stocked with beer,pop,and water; which was refilled daily.There was also a coffee maker if you needed a early morning fix. The rooms were cleaned most days before we returned back to our room after breakfast and there was turn down service each night, where they left you the next days news letter so you knew what was happening. The resort was definitely a class act. I could go on forever! Just when you thought it could not get any better...it did! The food was super! I'm a chef and I was very impressed; I can't believe if anyone complained about the food. There was everything available; people have to remember things might taste different because of the way things are raised  cooked. We liked the facted that we did not have to decide the first day we got there which restaurants we wanted to eat at for the week by reserving;which we had to do on past trips. Just once we had a half hour wait, but they gave us a pager and we had drinks while we waited. The portions were masterpieces but somewhat small in some cases; so most nights we would order three courses without any problems.At the Lobster House; where we ate almost every other night had no problems giving us a whole second dinner! They went out of there way to be helpful. The booze was never ending; we drank top shelf brands the whole week; but you have to ask for it and once you tipped a couple times, the bartender knew exactly what you wanted. The staff were great! The people like Isabel,Franklin,Juan Miguel,Benjamin and Dionel were the ones which made our trip one to remember. Normally we don't go back to the same place twice but we might head back next year! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":864,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":858}]}