{"text":"Beatiful Setting to Relax As with all trips and hotels this one had its very high points and it lows. Overall the value of the trip was well worth it! We stayed for 10 nights. The hotel room was very nice, much nicer than we expected since we had a standard and did not upgrade. The room was very large with vaulted ceilings, jacuzzi tub, seperate shower, marble throughout the room. The beach was very beautiful and peaceful. There was absolutely no problem finding lounge chairs at the beach. The huts were differnt story, people let their stuff on it overnight. It was actually really entertaining watching people fuss about the huts. They are nice to get especially if you are sick of the sun. The pools were all very nice. The main pool was hard to get a lounge chair until after lunch. The service started off poor but once they recognized you after a couple of days they were very helpful and extremely hard working. The food was good for the first two days, after that it got old since it is the same thing day in and day out for the most part. The buffet was more than adequate and we found something, none of the restaurants are gourmet by any means but adequate. There was always salad and fruit that was always fresh. I would recommend bringing a small container of seasoning if you like taste to you food. Everything was very bland in order to serve the masses better. Roomservice was good the first night especially after all the drink during the day that tasted refreshing in the heat. The room service menu is very slim and consisted of stuff from the buffet we ordered it late a couple of times and never got the same thing twice even though we ordered the same thing. The bar was ok if you are a beer drinker not so hot if you were not, The wine was terrible! Overall for the amount that we paid it was actually much more than we expected. this place is perfect if you want to just go to a beatiful resort and relax and soak up the sun, especially if you don't speak spanish since everything that goes on is in spanish. We would definitely go again but this time remeber to bring seasoning, snacks for the room and a couple of nice bottles of wine. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2149,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2145}]}