{"text":"Lack of organization I just came back from a class reunion weekend celebrated at the Embassy Suites. The reservations were done around 10 months ago through one of the classmates who volunteered to make all arrangements for everyone participating. When I arrived Friday with my family, I went to the front desk, the employee found my name on the computer, and then I was sent to the Aquarius, which is next door. Finding a parking place was nearly impossible, which is odd considering it is supposed to be the group parking lot. To my surprise upon entering Aquarius, there was a long line. After one hour of waiting in line, I contacted my friend who made the reservations and she said that I was not the only one from the group who had problems with the reservation. She proceeded to talk with the manager on duty, who gave her a couple of different reasons of why they where having problems with the group reservations. After three hours of waiting in line (everyone waiting was already in a bad mood, and also having problems with their reservations), we finally had our room, but I already missed part of the evening that I expected to share with the classmates who I have not seen in a long time. As I met some of my friends they also expressed their problems with their reservations. Some were told that there was no room available and they had to wait until later that day. Others were sent to Dorado Beach, which was at a driving distance, to spend the night and come back the following day to get their room. They waited most of the day and some did not get their room until late that Saturday afternoon. As I was getting ready for our class dinner, I received a call from a hotel employee and was told that their records show that I was supposed to be there for only one night. I explained what happened with the reservations and the group that I was with, and the caller put me on hold for a very long time and never got back to me. The following day we received an envelope with the hotel statement inside, but it did not show the $150.00 that I gave as a deposit for the reservation. When I went to check out, I pointed it out to the front desk employee, and she and the manager had me waiting another hour while they checked. The classmate who made the reservations had to get the copy of my check and reservation document in order straighten the situation. It seems to me that they have to upgrade their computer system, or possibly fire the computer programmer. This will probably save them money as well as keep them from losing more clients.The service on the hotel was OK, but our stay was prematurely dampened with all this reservation problems. Needless to say, my recommendations to friends and family will be poor. ","annotations":[]}