{"text":"Loved the Dreams Punta Cana Well, we are winding up our trip to Dreams and all I can say is that it is a dream. I read all the reviews before we came and I must admit I was more than a little concerned that I had made a mistake in booking this holiday. Yes the roads are a little bumpy on the ride from the airport to the hotel, but you are dealing with a third world country so to expect what we have in the western world is unrealistic. Sure it was bouncy but that was part of the fun. From the moment we pulled in through the gates of the property we were treated with nothing but respect. Remember treat others how you would be expected to be treated. We have no complaints with the excpetion that the ice machines on the the second floors of the buildings seemed to run out of ice very quickly. Martinez in the World Cafe was excellent as was Manuel in the Italian restaurant. Jonothan at the bar in the Plaza Santa Domingo was great as well,. Just remember to bring along some small american bills so you can tip. You do get better service if you tip the waiters and waitresses, but they work hard for you. The pool is great. The Ocean is excellent and make sure you head off to the left of the water trampoline for a sandy beach (in the water) so you don't have to worry about the rocks or coral. We had fun doing the horseback riding, Manuel was great and took good care of us. We were travelling as a family. Myself, my husband, 16 year old daughter and 12 year old daughter. They cant wait to come back and I am sure we will because we had such a wonderful experience. When you read the reviews take everything with a grain of salt. Your level of disappointment is contingent on what you expect and where you have been in the past. My family and I have travelled the world, literally, and we were totally pleased with this resort. I am sure you will be too. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions at all and I will try and help. A couple of dollars and a good attitude will go a long way. Excellent place - well recommended. Cindy ","annotations":[]}