{"text":"A Family Affair This was a large, clean hotel with a lovely reception area and grounds. We arrived late and therefore welcomed what we saw after a long day of travel as we looked forward to finally starting our vacation. Upon check-in the staff was a little confused (we know very little Spanish) but, after a lengthy wait, we got through it. Forget the ole' I was here first rule. It seemed that anyone could walk up while you were being waited on and easily distract the person waiting on you at the time. I kinda didn't like that but realized it may be cultural? Afterall, it's vacation, right? Speaking of cultural, there were a lot of German and French guests, (families). I'll leave that alone.The room was clean and we could hardly wait to rise the next morning to enjoy the pool, ocean and good food and drinks!We realized we forgot something once out of the room...we forgot KIDS! Funny thing, we left them home on purpose and, here there were families galore. This wasn't what our doctor ordered for RR. Don't get me wrong, kids are cute and they are our future America but, I didn't want them taking over my vacation. They would step over and around you while you sat poolside. They would show-out and dive although there were no diving signs. The parents would applause while Grandma and Grandpa looked on. You sometimes couldn't get a seat at the bar because they (kids) were ordering pina coladas and any other concoctions they could think of while the parents gleed in adoration. That's when I realized we weren't at the right hotel (for us) when you ask for a cocktail at the bar, and they'd ask, With rum? You couldn't get on a computer because they (kids from 9+) were there. The teenagers were in the game area and roaming in gangs, I mean groups with their funny hair and attitudes. The todlers had their strollers parked in doorways at their beckon. So, you remember that you're on vacation and you try and get away from these little darlings because certainly there's plenty of space around the large meandering pool for everyone, right? They somehow seem to love us and want to splash, dive and scream around us. There so cute. However, it's just something about a todler in a pool in a diaper that scares me.As for the entertainment, (when we were there) was also geared towards the youth. There was the Dominican version of Lion King, which was cute. A talent show. Aren't kids and their parents talented? There were sightings of Batman, and Spiderman at the pool and around the hotel but we missed the photo opportunity. If you are looking for a vacation to take the kids (of any age) this is a safe, clean, lovely hotel. You'll be greeted with an orange flavored, non alcoholic slushy drink upon arrival that the kids will truely enjoy. However, it wasn't for us...thank you very much. ","annotations":[]}