{"text":"Great view, good location, fair price We just returned from 7 nights at the Park Shore. We had an ocean view room which was on the 17th floor. We had a perfect view of Diamond Head, as well as Waikiki beach. The hotel is in a good location at the end of the beach where you can walk to just about everything. Overall we feel that we got what we paid for.The room itself was smaller, but adequately sized. It did have a mini fridge which was nice. The balcony was great - spacious and not too much sun. There is also free wifi in the lobby and at the pool deck. The staff is friendly. The valet staff always got our car quickly. They do charge $20 a day for parking, and valet is the only parking they have. A few things which we didn't care for:1) The hotel itself could use fresh paint and carpeting in the common areas. The elevators were filthy, and the walls and doors in the hallway are all dirty, scraped, and in need of paint.2) The room itself also wasn't very clean. The bedding was fine, however the tile in the shower was absolutely filthy. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned with bleach or tilex in quite some time. A quick peek on top of the TV armoire showed that it looked like it had never been cleaned up there.3) There is an in room safe, however the hotel wants to charge you $4 per day to use it. Completely cheesy IMO considering their wesite mentions an in room safe with no mention of it being an add on.4) The room lacked some basics that I assumed it would have - no bathtub, no dresser, no luggage stand.5) While the hotel is non-smoking, people were smoking on their balconies (including pot.) The hotel was polite when I complained, however did nothing to stop anyone from smoking. In all fairness, it was spring break, so this may have been part of the problem.6) The air conditioning in the room was very weak to say the least. It was basically the equivilant of having a very low fan on. It didn't cool the room at all. Just another sign how dated and in need of renovation the hotel is. We had maintenance come to look at it, and they said it was functioning normally.Overall, I would probably give this hotel 2 out of 5 on the scale, but I am giving it a 3 because the view was so great. Honestly I'm not sure I would stay here again if I was going for a week. For a weekend, maybe.We did talk to other hotel guests who had stayed at the hotel before, and I must say that everyone we talked to said they loved it and many always stay there. ","annotations":[]}