{"text":"Over-Rated My first instance of a problem was when I arrived, to be told there was no reservation. After some shuffling, my reservation was found since it had originally been made as a pre-registered arrival (room held for an early morning check-in). The check-in clerk was quite apologetic and indeed efficient. Having found my room, he checked me in and off i went.As i opened the door to the room i immediately realised I had been checked into the wrong room. The original booking had been for a 1br king spa suite (shown on the web site and advertised with a guest toilet). I had changed the booking once removing the pre-registration request and had sent 2 emails requesting informatio neither of which have ever been acknowledged. On the day i was checking in (interstate local) I sent a fax to the hotel requesting a later check-out and a pillow request (since the hotel advertises a pillow menu). So i had done all I could to make my requests known.Back down to the check-in and again the staff member was most apologetic but the reservation (and I had all the details of the booking) at the hotel end was not correct. However after moving some people off their allocated upgrades (sorry bout that) I was given the 1 br spa king I had booked. No pillow request, no late check-out confirmation, no guest toilet.I know things can go wrong, I am in the industry, but with so much follow through from my end it just really surprised me that a hotel so highly reviewed by TA (and my choice was based on that) could get it so wrong.To the Hotels credit they did give me late check-out.Overall, this is a good hotel for tourists coming in from overseas on exchange rates that make you think it is cheap but for the average australian traveller it is over rated and over priced. Ive seen better decor in cheaper hotels and the room service pricing is just excessive (but no doubt thats Sydney). Thank goodness for the hotels location with everything you could want in walking distance and a fraction of the price. ","annotations":[]}