{"text":"Most un-Ritz Ritz hotel This hotel truly is not a Ritz, should change their name to something else as it gives the Ritz a bad name. I would not recommend to anyone looking forward to staying at a Ritz.We first had multiple calls and emails with the hotel about our basic needs, early arrival (they asked for the time), connecting rooms, and late checkout by one hour. On the phone everything was fine, very pleaseant, and waiting for us. We had 2 rooms for a week.But when we got there at 2pm, problem with the rooms, will not be ready for 45 mins. after an hour they finally told us they didn't know when the rooms will be ready. We figured we can hang out there until 4, by 4:30 our rooms where ready and we went up. No appology, no we are sorry, their attitude at the front desk is more Holidayinn Express than Ritz.Room was missing a few things, like garbage can, room service menu, but where resolved by tracking down the service crew.One night (3 am) we lost power in the room, we woke up very hot as the A\/C was out, that is when we realize we had no power. However the hallway was fully lit, and the outside of the hotel had full power. A call to the front desk told us nothing, some rooms where out of power and they would work on it. Power came back by 7 or so, we got no sleep that night. NO appologies, no comments, this is not a Ritz. Other things to consider:1. Beach closes at 5:30, no chairs or umbrellas from then until the next day2. The A\/C in the rooms, when it worked, was either subzero or tropical heat, no matter what temperature you set it at.3. Poolside restaurant has over 12 employees, good luck getting them to pay attention to you the only customer sitting there as they will be busy socializing with each other4. We had a very undercooked burger at the restaurant, we had to send it back and they charged us for 2 of them, since they had to cook it twice (amazing!!)5. The pool area and beach and fully open to all locals, no restrictions. So do not plan to use the pool or beach on a weekend, it will be like a free community pool\/beach. Use those days to travel elsewhere. The good news is my sister and her whole family could just walk in and meet us, have full use of the hotel, the bad news is so could every other local resident.6. The Valet parking IS the only Ritz level of service area of the hotel. The rest is okay for hotel service, but FAR from RitzIn closing, lower your expectations and you will be happy if you stay here. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1776,"mention":"burger","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hamburger"],"startOffset":1770}]}