{"text":"Outstanding Property I returned to the Kahala Hotel after over 25 years, having stayed here with my parents several times when I was a kid in the late 1970's and early 1980's. I have noted that the hotel has received mixed reviews on this website, with some people loving it and other people feeling disappointed.All I can say is that, during my week long stay at the hotel, I found it close to perfect. I am at a loss to understand the negative reviews. As a traveler, I tend to be very exacting with hotels, and I feel the Kahala deserves it top tier rating. The only drawback, and I found it to be very minor, is that the hotel could use some updating in a few areas. But overall, the Kahala is an outstanding property.First of all the location is fantastic, nestled in a suburb, about five miles east of Honolulu, on the other side of Diamond Head. The beach is crowd free and safe, with condos on one side and a golf course on the other. I kayaked all around the property, snorkeled out on the reefs, swam out to the breakers, and stretched out on the beach, all in complete solitude. I prefer this environment to relax in than Wakiki.I had a room on the tenth floor with a balcony overlooking the ocean, with Diamond Head to my right and Koko Head to my left.The view was breathtaking, and sunrises and sunsets were spent on the balcony taking in the incredible views.True, the rooms are not enitrely modernized, as some other hotels. Yet, they are large, quiet and comfortable, and still have many amenities. One review complained that the hallways did not have air conditioning, Well, the room did, and unless you plan to sleep in the hall, who cares? The bathroom had a tub and shower, and was quite large. The bed was fantastic. I had computer access and a TV, which I barely watched. I actually preferred the quaintness of a less modern room. I did not need anything else.The food was also great, but admittedly expensive. In contrast to Wakiki, it is harder at the Kahala to go out and get cheap food. But all hotel food in Honolulu is expensive, and at least it was good when I did eat at the hotel. Hoku's was fantastic.The hotel service is impeccable. Everyone works hard to make sure that your needs are met. Very friendly and helpful.I certainly would not characterize the Kahala as a value. But, you get what you pay for, and I would prefer to spend my vacation at an expensive property as long as it satisfies my need to relax and enjoy myself, so I can return home feeling refreshed. I would reccommend the Kahala. ","annotations":[]}