{"text":"Rooms 2* Public areas 4* We travelled in all over south-east Asia and stayed in this hotel for 5 days in mid-July 2008.Overall the experience was not a very good one. To put it shortly the rooms were damp, had a funny smell in them and in one of the rooms we also had a problem with bugs (banana-flies?). To add to this, there is a large squirrel-population in the hotel-area and they (hopefully not rats - even though it felt quite the same) kept on running and playing on our roof during the night.We had chosen (two) suites instead of the basic rooms (as they seemed to be such good value) as me and my partner were travelling with my nephew (12-year-old) and his mother. The living-space is downstairs and the sleeping-room and the bathroom are located upstairs. The surface materials are stone and wood, which makes the space noisy and not very home-like. I suppose it should be easier to keep clean the way it is. The level of cleaning is average.The restaurants are fine, but the breakfast is not too impressive, even though there is plenty of variety available. Fruits were excellent though - as one would expect.All the services are overpriced, restaurants, taxis etc. so i would advice to order the taxis through the travel agency, which is located in the premises (it is a separate company). We paid 450 000 INR (apx 50 USD) for 8-hours driver + guide through the travel agency (and 100 000 INR - 11 USD - for airport transfer) through the travel agency, when the prices through the hotel for e.g. airport transfers were 25 USD. Do pay attention to the bills you sign at the hotel restaurants: we used to have an ice cream every day at the hotel bar. usually the price for four was around 200 000 INR, but one day we were given a bill of 600 000 INR for the same ice creams!!! The food in the restaurants was okay, but as previously mentioned, very pricey. And they were not gourmet-quality by any means. The pool is smallish but fine. The beach (Nusa Dua) is fine but to be honest - not awfully impressive (we were expecting white sand and palm trees - which we never saw).All in all we were disappointed in the resort and next time - if I ever get to Bali again - I definitely will not stay in this hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2042,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":2037}]}