{"text":"Great location, rooms still good but start thinking renovation Summary: I have stayed at this hotel 5 or 6 times in the past 10 years. The location is fantastic and service is great, but prices have continuously gone up and perhaps the rooms are starting to date a bit.Location: As good as you can get at Shinjuku, 2 to 3 minutes from the JR Shinjuku's south and new south entrance. 5 minutes to Odakyu rail and Tokyo Metro subway lines. 5 minutes to Shinjuku-dori (neon lights), and just a couple more to Kabuki-cho. Directly across from Takashimaya Department Store, My Lord, Lumine, Tokyu Hands. Tons of restaurants around as well. Shop until you drop!Rooms: Single rooms are small but double rooms are of good size. The sound-proof door has hydraulic hinges so it is very quiet. Each room has a large window that gives you a decent view no matter what direction you are looking at. If possible, ask for the Takashimaya view as those are the best, followed by Mt. Fuji (usually not visible). Despite the age now (the rooms haven't changed in close to 10 years), it is very well maintained. However, the bathroom is starting to feel a little dated, and the TV is relatively small. TV does feature English news channels. Free newspaper (English if you are a foreigner) is delivered each morning.Food: I have eaten many buffet breakfasts at the now renovated Tribeks restaurant. The buffet has decent choices and is of good quality, a mix of Japanese and Western. They now feature an omelette\/egg station as well. The breakfast is costly though if it's not included in your rate.Service: Always polite and helpful. Note that the hotel is a high class business hotel but not a true five star so it has no bell service. They do have luggage carts at the lobby level that are self-service. They hotel will also happily stow your luggage until your departure after check-out, or should you wish to take a day trip and come back.Value: Prices have climbed steadily over the years. With Keio Plaza recently renovated and Sunroute Plaza opening just next door, I think they need to start thinking about renovating their rooms to offer competitive value. ","annotations":[]}