{"text":"Good hotel in the city center This hotel is located directly opposite the train station of Dallas downtown and nearby the Reunion Tower as well as the JFK memorial. It is only a 10 minutes footwalk from the Dallas Convention Center away. The building was probably built in the first half and is moderatly maintenanced (e.g. only one of two elevators is still working and all the furniture is worn out). Nevertheless, the rooms are clean but a little small. Unfortunetaly, the walls are wafer-thin so sleeping without ear-plugs might be difficult sometimes when a train arrives at the train station or a guest next to you takes a shower.The staff is very kind and helpful. Actually, that was the best service I have ever experienced.It seems that the intention was to provide Internet access by wireless in the whole hotel. But wireless signal strength is only on some floors good enough to provide stable connections (e.g. 2nd floor). However, there are LAN sockets in each room and if you've managed to get an functioning LAN cable from the reception you will be able to enjoy a fast internet connection. Note: You should bring your own LAN cable along.Important for all Europeans: Forget the advertised continental breakfast. Apperently, it's just a typical American breakfast and, hence, a joke from our point of view. There's a Subway when you turn right after leaving the hotel and a diner in the opposite direction as well as a hotel restaurant on the ground floor that serves also early in the morning (of course, not included in room charge). On balance, that's all better than the continental breakfast.Last but not least: Car parking. There are no parking spaces in effect except on the car park at the train station ($1 per hour; max. $5 per day; 1min walk). The valet parking service offered by the hotel usually parks the cars in that car park ($15 per day).As a result, I think, it's a pleasant hotel with some little drawbacks. But the room charge (about 100$ per night) is good value for money considering that location. ","annotations":[]}