{"text":"Great place for romantic getaway for 2, not so good if you want nightlife. I just returned from a 4 night stay at the PuntaCana Resort. We booked it through hotwire for $79. It seems to be on there everyday. It will be the only 4-Star hotel being offered for $79. We actually booked the hotel for 3 nights, and needed to extend for one more day. The front desk wanted $250 to extend another night. We checked out, went to the business center and booked another night on hotwire for $79. It was rediculous to have to pack all our things up and take them to the front desk only to take them back to our room 10 minutes later, but the hotel was not willing to extend the stay for $79. Their loss I guess, because now Hotwire just took their commission.The Punta Cana Airport is actually owned by the resort, and transportation is very easy. Lots of shuttles took out party of 3 for $15. It was a ten minute drive to the resort. This property is HUGE. Miles and Miles and Miles. There are buildings with hotel-style rooms and there are also small beachhouse casitas all over the resort. Because the property is so large, you hardly ever see big groups of people. You can spend the day secluded in a beachside hammock and not have people around you. You can rent a golf cart for $35 per day, but if you consistently tip the bellmen 100 Pesos (about $3) they will take you wherever you want and you won't have any problems. Whenever we needed to get back to the reception area we would call the front desk and a golf cart came to pick us up within minutes. These employees are paid 1500 pesos per week, so a 100 peso tip is very nuch appreciated.The only downfall to this property is the food situation. We had a hook-up at another all-inclusive resort (we had to rent a car to get there) so we did not have to buy any food. There is no city or anything you can walk to and get food. The ONLY choice is what the resort offers, which Im sure is expensive. Sorry, but unless you bring your own food you are forced to eat at the restaurant (probably around $25 USD per plate). You can walk to the employee store which is a 5 minute walk from the reception. Here they have snacks and bottled water for really cheap. If you tip a bellman, they can drive you to the store. They don't tell guests about it to keep them from going there, but they are not going to deny your money once you are there.All in all, if you are just with your spouse looking to hang out on the beach all day with no one around, this is the place for you. The rooms are clean. Ask for an ocean view. It was awesome to sit out on the balcony in the morning and watch the ocean. We also rented kayaks for awhile (FREE) and that was really fun. For $79 per night, this hotel deserved my thumbs up. ","annotations":[]}