{"text":"Great hotel but not great value Stayed in a suite at the Four Seasons Sayan earlier this month. Had booked their Sayan Spa Package at USD 510 a night directly on the Four Seasons website. For me, staying at this place was the dream of a lifetime, so I must admit right off the bat that my expectations were high.The welcome was nice, although I would say that the hostess perhaps tried a little too hard - she asked personal questions and told us a lot about herself (more than we needed to know actually), which is really not appropriate in a property of this caliber.The single biggest asset of this property is its setting: absolutely breathtaking! You feel as if you are deep within a lush gorge, the river sings softly to you, and your eyes are overwhelmed (in a good way) by all the shades of green. Out of this world!Even though this resort is only a bit more than 10 years old, its age is beginning to show a bit: when you look at things closer, it becomes clear that details are perhaps not getting all the attention they deserve, e.g. wood shutters that don't remain closed at night and a toilet that we had to get fixed twice (they use a push button system on the wall for flushing that sometimes needs to be 'reset').Among the other good things, I could mention the generally attentive staff, the gym and the excellent (and complimentary) wired Internet connection you get in your room (re. the latter, I say 'excellent' as compared to other Balinese hotels promising a 'broadband Internet connection').Among the not so good points: this is the most I've ever paid for a hotel room in my entire life, and I sure expected more exclusivity. I don't know whether it was just a fluke, but I found the pool area to be crowded for a hotel of this caliber - all 3 stories were busy on all 3 days. The pool at the Uma Ubud was bigger and much quieter.Worse still, there were at least 2 or 3 kids with their parents (I mean 2-8 year-olds) while we were there, and one of them even used a large inflatable device in the pool. You don't expect to pay $500+ per night and have to share the pool with a couple of screaming kids and their toy dolphin!That was really unfortunate, you see, because the pool area is lovely and the service there is awesome: they bring you cold towels and cold water, and even pass around fresh fruit in the afternoon.The food is generally good, and so is the service. I say generally because it was not totally consistent during our stay. The food and drinks are extremely pricey, even by North American standards, so you are definitely justified in expecting the utmost quality in every detail. By the way, if you like a filling breakfast in the morning, get a package that includes breakfast because it is √ã√ë√\u2022 la carte only and can easily cost you over USD 100 for 2 people to have a decent meal in the morning.All in all, an interesting experience that I unfortunately will not repeat unless their prices come down or their standards go up. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":178,"mention":"Four Seasons","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Four_Seasons_Restaurant"],"startOffset":166}]}