{"text":"Amazing Stay - Can't Wait to Go Back! My girlfriend and I stayed here for four nights (Monday-Friday) last week and we absoultely loved it! We checked in early around 1:30pm on Monday and were promptly handed two free drink coupons and match play coupons for the casino. We got to the room and we saw we had been upgraded to a full ocean view! A fruit platter along with a note from Mrs. Ng wishing us an outstanding stay really impressed us and right there, we knew we were going to have a great time. We spent most of our time at the beach or by the pool. Beach is excellent, it was very quiet (maybe because it was mid-week?) and it was very relaxing which is what we wanted. We sucked it up and paid the $6 for a beach chair (over the week though it adds up) but I still dont understand why that cant be included in the resort fee. Pool area was very nice and clean and we spent a lot of time at the swim-up bar. Jacuzzi is right next to the pool and it was usually empty. Hammocks are further back- all in all a very relaxing enviornment.We ate dinner at Salsa which was very good. Another night we went to Picante for drinks\/small dinner and that was good as well. Wished we tried Sirena but ran out of time. For breakfast\/lunch Banana's was a great option because its quick and more afforable then the breakfast buffet. One night we also ventured to Metropol and that was outstanding Cuban food. Worth the 10-15 minute walk.For nightime activites, we usually hung out in Picante or hit the casino in the hotel. Casino is small but gets the job done. Some dealers were friendly and talkative - especially Omar. I wish they rest were like him. One night we went down to the Ritz to check their casino out, which is a little better but really isnt much different. Next time I come I would advise to stay at least one weekend night as the resort seemed dead at times (though not always a bad thing). I could see on Thursday night the place was more crowded with the Salsa dancing and live music, so I'm assuming the weekend would be like that. All in all, a great stay with special thanks to Mrs. Ng and Mr. Arroyo. You made our 1st trip to Puerto Rico special and we will be back! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1396,"mention":"Cuban","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cuban_sandwich"],"startOffset":1391}]}