{"text":"Good Location, Terrible Service The Holiday Inn Zocalo has an excellent location and a friendly staff. I woudl qualify the rooms as OK, clean and fine but small and not particularly luxurious.Lookout if you need anything though. The staff is very friendly, butcfrequently seemed unable oto solve small problems such as the ATM being out of cash (I just wanted to know where another one was), or connect me to the concierge when I called the operator. They sent the bellboy to my room instead. The guest services button on the phone goes to a message saying the extension is out of order, while when room service closes at 11pm th number just rings and rings without a message or transferring you to the front desk.The gym is a small room with a treadmill and two weight machines in it. It has a TV and water, but could use better ventilation.The worst is the internet. There is none! There should be wireless on all floors, but the signal is so weak I have to reload basic pages over and over, reconnect every few minutes to whichever signal is strongest (never more than one bar, sometimes all connectivity is lost). I need to get work done and this is catastrophic for me. Every time I complain, and I have been for three days, I am given a different story - the wireless wont work because of the rain, we will reset the router and it will work (they did not) we are replacing the cables etc. No one at the hotel knows how to fix this key issue, and no one seems to be trying. When I explained that I confirmed that Internet was available and NEEDED to email things that day I was told to use the two computers in the lobby. I cant access my coroprate network through these computers. I asked for the location of a relieable connetion, they also didnt know wjere else I could go. I appreciate a friendly staff, but I appreciate them at least trying to fix the problem instead of just telling me a different story with every person I speak to a lot more.DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU ARE A BUSINESS TRAVELLER OR NEED TO GO ONLINE WHILE TRAVELING.Do go here if you want a nice location at a reasonable rate and are willing to go down to the front desk to straighten out every question or request. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2070,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2066}]}