{"text":"Corporate, Clean, Comfortable, Courteous.... We've stayed at the Ibis in Mitte probably 5 or so times over the past 8 years, as it's in a beautifully convenient location as far as we're concerned. For those of us flying in on a 'cheap flight' to Schonefeld, you get straight onto the Regionalzug at the railway station at the airport and get off at Alexanderplatz. The Ibis is on Prenzlauer Allee and takes about 10 minutes to reach if you're reasonably healthy. If you can't face the walk, use the tram - there are tram stops in the road opposite the hotel which means that you have good links to other parts of the city. You can always use the tram to get to the nearest U or S-bahn if you need to, or simply don't fancy a long walk anywhere.The Ibis is not particularly cheap, but the rooms are clean, spacious, and comfortable. They are well soundproofed, which is just as well as the road is busy 24\/7. The breakfasts are not included in the price, but if you opt to take them you can really fill up from the wide ranging buffet provided. I noticed that a previous reviewer had said you can't do anything about the view of the factory - the first time we stayed this was derelict and there was a squatters party going on in the roof area. The factory has now been converted to a gym and business complex as the whole of Prenzlauer is becoming a bit of a yuppy paradise. And as for seeing Alexanderplatz - that's the whole point of staying in this area of the city!! You can't miss the TV Tower from the hotel if your room looks downhill, and it's a great reminder of the old East.The staff are really helpful - we've asked them about various bus times and how easy it is to get to places etc and they have always offered assistance. At the end of the day, Ibis are an international chain and you're paying for what you get. This isn't always a bad thing, because if you've used the Ibis or similar elsewhere, you have an idea what to expect. Book the hotel, check in, and relax. ","annotations":[]}