{"text":"Wonderful hotel w\/ and even better location This hotel was not only clean, nice, and cheap for the quality you get, but the employees were super nice as well. Everyone that I talked to spoke English, though I could tell that they were happy to hear me try to speak some Espanol. (fyi, when travelling fr. the airport, DO NOT take the street cabs outside the airport. you can go to the taxi stands Transporte Terrestre (very safe  reliable) and purchase a fixed-rate ticket for about $15-20 which is really cheap for how far they have to go and all the traffic they encounter. it is located to the Lt. as you exit customs  near Sala A exit. Also, hold on to your ticket and only give it to the driver, as we had a porter trying to take our luggage and ticket.) The room we stayed in had a very comfy bed, but we liked that the mattress was a little firm. The only thing that we can even possibly complain about is that when they changed our towels out eveyday, they didn't give us new washcloths, as we had to ask for new ones every day. (I guess peop. like to steal them as souvenirs, so they have to be cautious w\/ them) So what's to say about the location... well it was centrally located w\/ tons of great restraunts and close to Chapultapec Park and practically the back yard to the Monumento a la Independencia (El Angel). I went w\/ my boyfriend and my parents and have to admit that we never once felt uncomfortable or unsafe. (there were police everywhere) Of course, as w\/ every big city, U have to be cautious w\/ your wallet\/purse and not wear flashy jewelry, as this will surely draw unwanted attention. However, we didn't encounter the ladies of the night one reviewer spoke of. If U can figure out the bus sys. (or ask someone at the hotel) it's a pretty cheap, convient way around the city, as is their subway system.  Thus, next time we go back to El Ciudad we will definately be staying here at the Galeria Plaza. Oh  fyi, this hotel is also part of the Brisas chain of hotels in Mexico (which, in my humble opinion, has the highest quality as well as the best located properties of any hotel in Mexico) ","annotations":[]}