{"text":"Dreadful experience for us... I was shocked at the rudeness we experienced at this hotel. We'd booked our stay as extended stay guests, as we stayed for a whole month at this property. The sales rep, Jonathan, was very polite and professional, but I guess he was an exception at this hotel!On our first day, the AC did'nt work. The AC technician came up to check it out and told my husband offhandedly that he should actually put the temprature up (?????) We did...did'nt work....we call them the next day, and are told by another technician that we need to put the temperature down! We tried it all...up, down, it did'nt work. The first technician came up and spoke to me with his back facing me throughout, eventhough he was'nt working on the AC!We were finally moved to another suite, and the AC worked fine, but we had no hot water when we got back to the hotel in the evening....it carried on for 4 days before they found a permanent solution!All the time, we'd been ordering kids meals from room service for my children, but, one night we were told that they had no more kids meals, and it was a management decision. My husband called Guest services To inquire further and was told that they no longer cater to kids as they are a business hotel!The next day, they magically had kids meals!!!!!! Then one day, the garbage was not taken out of our room, and when I contacted guest service, I was told by: You take out your garbage, go to the end of the hall, there's a refuse room there, you open the door, put it in there, just as you do as home! When I told her I don't even do it at home (Yes, I am a spoilt well-off lady...sue me) I was told: The rest of us are not so fortunate, and we have to do it ourselves!....Front desk never smiled at us for the duration of our stay.As for the hygeine standard, when we first entered the room it was dusty and dirty. The wardrobe was never swept, and towels and shampoo were never replenished.The only advantage of this hotel is the view and location, but it is'nt worth it, as all downtown toronto hotels are close to some form of public transport.I would'nt recommend this hotel. I expect to be treated with courtesy and respect where I choose to spend my money...don't you? ","annotations":[]}