{"text":"Just Back from Dreams Just back from Dreams Punta Cana. This is our fifth stay at an all-inclusive. Previously, we have been to the Playa del Carmen, Mexicao area, but wanted to try something new. Dreams is about in line with the other 4 star resorts we have stayed at with a few exceptions. The food in the specialty restaurants did not require reservations, and was actually good! There were four of us who each tried different things. Print this off and use while ordering. I will tell you now what is good. Particularly enjoyed the French Restaurant (order the filet and the shrimp\/crab appetizer) The grand marnier choc moose for desert is excellent. The Japanese was great food (the chef wasn't too acrobatic, but did his best to entertain us seated around the grill).. but excellent food. The seaside grill was just ok but the Rib Eye was great there. The Oceana was just ok, but the tenderloin and shrimp was great. Don't wast your dinner at the Italian or Mexican. The World Cafe (buffet) is pretty good on most nights. They have italian night which is great. Try out everything. The service at the resort was excellent. If you're seated anywhere for longer than ten minutes without being asked if you would like a drink, be surprised. Everyone is either naturally nice, or very well trained to be nice. You will get an ola from everyone from your room maid to the gardener. The rooms were just ok. The AC and water worked well, but they are showing a bit of aging. We upgraded to a swim out room for $60\/night. That put us in a ground floor room in building 2 next to the main pool area. It was a great location to sneak back to the room in the afternoon without having to walk all the way back to a front building. Plus, we enjoyed a late night swim occasionally which we were able to do from just a few steps out of our room. The pool was excellent. Although if you want a chair with shade, you'll have to be up by 6:30 a.m. to get your pick. Even the chairs without shade are gone by 7:30, and you'll be relegated to a beach chair. The ocean is good, although most people were not swimming in it. I love to swim in the ocean and was there every day. This particular resort is about where the Carribean meets the Atlantic. The water was nice, but not quite the full-on carribean clear water which is an hour away from this resort. The temperature of the water was a bit cool (which probably kept most people out). Veer to the left side beach, and it is completely sandy and rock-free. No seaweed problem at all. Weather was great (we were there March 1 through 9). Rained a couple of hours about two of the days. We took the ATV excursion right from the hotel for 80 bucks. It was great fun. We also rented a car from a place just outside the resort. I don't recommend this, but we are adventurous. We drove all over the place and saw the real DR. You will have a wonderful vacation here. No regrets. I probably would not return, only because of the distance from Utah. (8 hrs of flight plus connection to the DR as opposed to 4 hr nonstop to Mexico). But, hey, we saw a new country. Plus, the service in the DR is much better than any of the Mexico Iberostars, Barcelos that we have stayed in. Enjoy! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":619,"mention":"grand marnier","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Grand_Marnier"],"startOffset":606},{"endOffset":624,"mention":"choc","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":620}]}