{"text":"Great Vacation My husband and I spent last week at the LTI, and can't say enough good about it. The resort was beautiful - the vegetation very mature and exceptionally maintained.The beach is second to none, and this resort is located on a very good section of the beach. The pool was spotless(as was the rest of the resort), and very large.The staff at this resort are among the happiest, friendliest and hard working employees that we have seen. They certainly add to the enjoyment of your vacation. I had heard mixed reviews about the Dominicans, but if this resort is any indication, they are wonderful people and made you feel welcome.The food was quite good- yes it's different than America, but isn't that why you travel? To encounter other cultures? If you want fast food for supper, stay in the US. One thing we really enjoyed was lots of fresh and very tasty lettuce and tomatoes- something we have yet to encounter in Cuba. I have to say I was a little disappointed in the a la cartes. There really is only one, where you sit at a table and are waited on. The Italian restaurant, while very good, was mostly a buffet at supper time too. The other a la carte- the Seafood Restaurant was very good.The Bucanaaro at the beach had the tastiest grilled chicken I've had in a long time. We went there for lunch almost every day. My only complaint was that the wine was watered down. Sometimes it was better than others.One thing we really liked was that you could book your a la cartes in the morning each day, so if there was room , you could eat at one every night if you wanted to.Having said this, the buffet was probably one of the best we've had- lots of choice, and many dishes unique to the Dominican, if you wanted to try something different. The strengths are in the chicken and pork- any beef I sampled was quite tough and chewy.There were plenty of loungers at the beach and the pool- it was never a problem getting one regardless of the time you got there.It was very hot the week we were there, and there are always lots of tiki huts to provide shade.The rooms were quite adequate,basic but clean.All in all, we had a very enjoyable vacation, great value for the money and would return in a heartbeat. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":933,"mention":"Cuba","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cuban_sandwich"],"startOffset":929}]}