{"text":"Speechless Wow, Wow Wow.I have been to New York on many occasions for business and pleasure and have stayed in many Luxury hotels. I am absolutely speechless at what a gem this hotel is. I booked primarily because of the excellent reviews I found on Trip Advisor. Believe me, I was not disappointed. The whole time I was there, I was thinking of anything negative to say about this hotel in my review but had a really difficult time doing so. I checked in Sunday Afternoon and was greeted by the nicest employee at the desk. The check in process was seamless and I was put on the 11th floor. Upon entering my room, I was shocked at the high ceilings (most rooms in NY are smaller). This room was no exception but I expect this when in Manhattan. The ceilings made the room more comfortable and seem spacious. The d√ã√\u2022√ñcor and desk were very nice. The amazing thing about this hotel is the extras that even at √à√\u2020\u2022√ä?√¨uxury√à√\u2020\u2022?hotels. I have not seen very often. There was a large selection of customized pillows available. There were 2 very comfortable bathrobes for my usage (unlike the Waldorf Astoria which was my most recent stay). There was a √à√\u2020\u2022√ä?¬Æhite noise machine√à√\u2020\u2022?like the one I enjoy while at my house (Brookstone). The complimentary shoeshine was an incredible feature. The soaps and shampoos were spa quality. The kitchen area was nice although the fridge was stocked with Mini Bar items, which took up 70% of the fridge. The bed was extremely comfortable and there was no outside noise. I cannot say enough about the staff, they were incredible. The doorman almost killed himself catching me a cab in rush hour. He was in the middle of Lexington blowing his whistle; quite a site and he actually got me a cab (very difficult to do at this time and location).The negatives are belowThe hotel is small I did not mind this), not very many stories and quite a small lobby. The water pressure in the shower was not great. There were only 2 elevators, which meant sometimes I had to wait a little longer. The bar\/restaurant was under construction so I was not able to enjoy this feature.Overall (as you can tell) I loved this hotel and will tell all my colleagues and friends about this hotel. It was truly one of the most comfortable and pleasant enjoying experiences I have ever had. ","annotations":[]}