{"text":"Great place to stay We stayed at the Hotel David after reading the reviews and I can say we were not disappointed. It is a lovely place to stay either for a weekend or longer. The rooms are lovely and of a reasonable size, we were on the front of the building and although a little noisy, because of the outside traffic, the double glazing kept most of the noise out. The lounge area was delightful, it was decorated and laid out as though it was a country house. The happy hour is free wine and nibblets which was fine if you wanted to meet the other hotel guests. Drinks can be ordered from the bar, albeit small, at a resonable price and later in the evening you pretty much have the lounge to yourself. The dining room, although small, was quaint and the breakfast was OK with plenty choice of continental food (No fry ups for the Brits but this is Italy so wasn't a problem for us). The staff were exceptional and, as commented in previous reviews, very helpful, a member of our party's luggage had been left behind in England (airport's fault, not hers) and the staff made many phone calls to assist her in locating the luggage once it had arrived in Italy. This hotel is truly a gem of a place and close to the centre. We tried the resturant, Gigi, round the corner as recommended by another trip advisor, but we found a better one (in our opinion) at the Ponte Vecchio bridge which served larger portions and tastier food. This was called Ristorante Alfredo sull'Arno, if anyone wants to try it out. Had absolutely nothing to complain about our trip and would recommend Florence and the beautiful Hotel David to anyone, we will most certainly stay there again the next time we visit Florence. An add on for the younger generation (as we were 45 to 57) this is not the place if you like an impersonal hotel or a hotel with some activity, however if you are into romance and are prepared to go out for a romantic meal then this is the place to be at a reasonable price. ","annotations":[]}