{"text":"worst hotel service ever, things stolen by employees The hotel grounds in general are nice, rooms are okay, pools and beach are nice but we had numerous amounts of problems with the staff of this hotel. The biggest problem occurred on the night that we checked in, March 29th. We left our room at around 9:30 p.m. and when we tried to go back to the room at 1 a.m., the key wouldn't work. After retrieving a key from the front desk without proof of id, (receptionist just gave us a key, no question asked whether we even stayed there) and going back to our room confused about how they could just give keys to anyone, i noticed that my iphone was stolen and 17 dollars as well. It was one of the employees because there is a log of the key and at what time it was used. It tells u who issued the key and at 9:50 p.m, and 12:30 a.m someone entered our room with a key issued by someone we never met until 1 a.m. when we received a key from the front desk. It wasn't a forced entry where the door was pried open but rather someone having a key to our room. After confronting customer service and setting up numerous appointments to meet with the manager because head of security did not speak a word of English, we finally were able to talk to the general manager who proceeded to tell us that it was one of my roommates, here in America as well as in D.R., that stole my phone. They did nothing for me and was very rude. They questioned the guy that issued someone besides me or my friends a key and he lied saying that he issued us two keys when he didn't. We also met two French girls who also had there expensive phones stolen and they were going through the same problems as me with rude staff members. A man also had his money stolen from him. Besides being robbed, our electricity went out and there was never any hot water. Also the rooms didn't have clocks which was weird. The sheets were too short so your feet touched the dirty mattress and the pillowcases were stained. The food got boring after a couple of days of eating the same thing. The trip would of been great if it wasn't for the robbery because we never felt safe in our rooms knowing that someone out there has access to them and we had to carry all our valuables everywhere we went. Bottom line is stay away from this resort. Tons of other ones that are better for same price. I have been to the Melia Caribe Resort and that one was so much better. Staff is rude and theft is common although they tell u that it never happens. ","annotations":[]}