{"text":"The Most Disgusting Hotel Ever! Stay Away First let me start off by saying that I am not a picky person when it comes to travel. As long as the room is clean, there is a place to lay out in the sun and there is a bar I'm good! That's all I ask for. Well, let me tell you- this is the dirtiest, most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in! When we first arrived I thought hmmm the lobby is nice, there are palm trees all around, there is a bar, I'm gonna have a great vacation. Check in took literally 45 minutes!! And I was only second in line! So Ok no problem, no big deal...we finally get the room key and go to the elevator...1 was broken and the other one had 15 people waiting to get on....that one ended up being stuck between floors so we had to carry all our luggage up 4 flights of stairs sweating our butts off. NO BELL BOY! Ok no problem, I brushed that off. We got to our rooms and the smell smacked me in the face as soon as we open the door...dank musty, moldy, smokey rotten smell. I asked for another room, there were none so they say, so now we are stuck there. I opened up the door to the balcony and the curtains were brown with smoke residue!! Yuck. We go out on the balcony and notice that you can't even leave the door open or unlocked because your balcony litterally touches the persons balcony next to you, with only a 4 foot wall seperating it, so anyone could hop over it and get on your balcony and go in your room. Didn't like that, but whatever.So we got changed and headed to the pool. Dirty green disgusting small pool, like the size that would be in your backyard. So we said OK lets forget the pool and head to the beach. This is where I finally had enough of this disgusting hotel!!The beach was littered with dirty baby diapers, tampons, empty bottles, rocks, seaweed, glass, you name it it was on that beach!So now I have a dirty filthy room, no elevator, no beach to lay out on, no pool because it was a peatree dish for bacteria! The only thing good was the nice bartender at the pool bar. He was sweet and made good drinks! Spend a little more and go somewhere else in Miami. Trust the bad reviews here they ARE telling the truth! This is the worst vacation I ever had. And by the way this hotel is away from EVERYTHING! You have to take a cab every where. I ended up renting a car. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2001,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1997}]}