{"text":"Great place for a honeymoon!! After reading other reviews on Tripadvisor.com, I was a little concerned about this hotel. We did experience a few of the problems others spoke about but overall it was great! We did have to change rooms because the a\/c wasn't cooling enough. But the hotel did take care of our concerns right away. As others complained that the maids stole from them, we had no problems with that at all. The safe locks were issued at check-in and used a key that we kept with us. A few pointers: Call the hotel ahead of time and have them arrange airport transportation. When you call the hotel, if you don't speak Spanish, just ask for someone who speaks English and they will get someone in just a few minutes. It was $30 (cash only) for 2 people each way. It's about 30 minutes from the Punta Cana airport to the hotel. We used Lorenzo's Travel and they were on time. It was nice to get off the plane and have someone there with a sign with our names on it. If you try to cash travellers checks at the hotel, they charge you a percentage of the amount (get cash off a credit card instead, the banker said they don't charge for that) Take a big stack of $1 bills. You will need these to tip which will get you excellent service. We tipped $1.00 for a drink, $3.00 for breakfast and lunch then $5.00 for dinner. If you try to get $1 bills from the banker he will only give you a few at a time. I took $50 in ones and it wasn't enough. Watch the dealers in the casino, we had a few issues at the roullette table. You're better off going to the casino right outside the gate of Paradisus. The hotel will get you a cab for $6.00. Take a cab back though, if you take the casino shuttle, they will drop you off at the staff entrance. That's a little scary! No, you don't need to know Spanish. We only came across two employees (one a groundskeeper and the other a maid) that did not speak English. Everyone else knows a lot of English or enough. ROYAL SERVICE is a must!!! You will get to use the Royal Service dining room, pool, beach with drink service (Lizardo the waiter is really nice!) etc. It is well worth it. Dress casual and light clothes. Most of the restaurants are open air and it gets pretty warm in there. I took dressy clothes and shouldn't have. Most guys were wearing Dockers pants and a light shirt for dinner, ladies were wearing a summery skirt or capri pants. Wear comfortable shoes as you will be doing a lot of walking. I wore sandals everywhere, you don't need high heels!! The food was good overall. It was basic though. We compared it to cruiseship food. A few things were a little scary like the whole raw fish on the buffet. Let's just say I didn't try that! Buffet breakfast, buffet lunch and one of many restaurants for dinner. Make reservations for the ones that require it right away. Lots of activities but we chose to sit on the beach and relax. The massage on the beach was heaven, highly recommended. Not much shopping in the hotel. (I wouldn't leave the hotel to shop)There is a little shop in the lobby that sells batteries, souveniers etc.. Guys walk up and down the beach selling jewelry, shells, cigars etc. We bought shells but were afraid customs would take them but they were still in our bags when we got home. By the way, the beaches are topless. Very few actually went topless though. Beach was gorgeous! The waters were not rough for swimming while we were there. We enjoyed it. Entertainment at hotel was good. Shows in the lobby each night and some parties on the beach were nice. Overall, great place for a honeymoon. ","annotations":[]}