{"text":"Dated ESJ Towers Stayed at the ESJ TOWERS the beginning of July. Checking was quick and uneventful. We stayed on the 6TH floor which faced the east side and some partial views of the Atlantic. As far as Personnel, every one was very receptive to requests.You have to request towels for the beach, but the location is on the way to the beach, so it is not inconvenient. What is inconvenient is when you have to walk all the way to such location for your room towels or toilet paper. The access to the beach as right behind the hotel, but we were perplexed by the fact that it does close at 7:00pm, yet you can walk a few blocks and have access to it. Perhaps this is to reduce liability for the Hotel, however, when the pool closes also at 7:00 pm , it really puts a hamper on trying to relax and enjoy the premises after dinner. The beach was extremely busy, but it could have been due to the date, we were there for the 4th of July. As far as the pool, was clean and a decent size. The lounge chairs were in great condition and there was some cabanas with tables provided, and the towels for the pool were actually provided right there also. You do need to provide for the room key so they will attach a band in order for one to have access to the pool. The room was a different story, although the beds and sheets were very clean, the carpet and the bedspreads\/window treatments contrasted. Not that we expect everything to match, but there are somethings that could be done to create a more inviting room.The kitchen was mainly a galley kitchen, but it did have all the necessities needed for cooking, except for a blender. That was one necessity that should be incorporated, perhaps they could save the money they are spending on the hand bands at the pool and purchase the blenders. Although, our room faced a residential area, it still had some partial views of the Atlantic. The balcony was big enough to add a couple of chairs and small table, but at least if offered such an amenity, although, the A\/C unit could be quite noisy.We did have breakfast one day at their restaurant, once again the decor was drab looking and the lighting was too dull. We had breakfast for 2, it was about $24 for a hot breakfast, nothing out of the ordinary, except for a gregarious middle age woman who sang to us and everyone else there while serving coffee. She was the only Sunshine in that location.There is a small store on the premises, and it carries the necessities.The hotel is very centrally located so you can walk to restaurants, and other hotels. It does sit behind the El San Juan, which like many big name hotels, has a Casino. Also, straight out of the hotel, you can find a supermarket, you could walk, but it might be about 8 or so blocks. If you have a rental, you will need to fight for the guest spot in the underground garage.If you are not satisfied with the beach in front of the hotel, do walk a few blocks to the east, it is situated between the Ritz and the Marriott, it is less busy and quite smooth. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2348,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2342}]}