{"text":"Pleasant stay Normally I expect less for a resort hotel than a hotel catering to business travels, but this one is an exception. We arrived late at night but were arranged with the room and parking in a timely manner. Then we found that the room we book ed originally was near the elevator. So we asked the front desk whether it is possible to switch to a different room. Joji at the front desk immediately arranged an upgrade to an ocean view, which is fantastic. There are two towers within this hotel. Some tourbooks suggest not to book a room other than those in the diamond head tower, but we found that is not necessary. We did not stay at the diamond head tower, but the room we originally booked and the one we got upgraded are spacious and clean, and both offer a great view.The overall service at the hotel was quite professional. We stayed during the peak season and the hotel was crowded. But we called the guest service three times, and each time the door bell rang within 5 minutes after we hang up the phone. Both the house keeping and the luggage handler were prompt and professional.Now some notes:(1) You can choose a self-parking or a valet parking. But the parking ramp is next to the hotel's 2 towers, and the ramp is extremely narrow and difficult to navigate. Most time only one car is possible to pass. The first 3 levels of the ramp were reserved for valet. So you have to drive up in the ramp quite some time to find a good parking spot. If you plan to drive and want to park in the ramp, make sure you get a small rather than large size car if possible. (2) We loved the restaurant Ciao Mien in the hotel. The food is great. But the quality of their cocktail seems to vary a lot. The first night we had a dinner there we both ordered a cocktail and it tasted fine. Next time we were there again, the cocktail was poorly done. (As a comparison, the red moon at the Grand Hyatt Beijing is superb)(3) The hotel is huge and therefore during high season is crowded with tourists. There is a long line at the breakfast place in the morning, so make sure you get there either very early or later of the day. The breakfast serves from 6 to 11:30 am during our stay.(4) The pool is rather small (but who needs a pool when you are just steps away from the ocean?). The fitness room is also small but the equipment is first-class. ","annotations":[]}