{"text":"Average stay I stayed three nights at the Homewood Suites in mid January, 2007. My stay coincided with a conference in Seattle, but I had my family (wife and child) in tow. Our first night was across town at a Springhill Suites hotel (Marriott property), which turned out to be the better of the two hotels we stayed at.First, the good things: Our room was very large, and I found the kitchen to be very well equipped, for a hotel kitchen. There was a full refrigerator, a microwave, two stove top burners, sink, coffee maker and a dishwasher. With several grocery stores nearby, one could easily eat in every night and save a significant amount of money. There were two televisions in the room, which came in handy when the kids wanted to watch one show and adults the other.Most of the staff were very helpful, and went out of their way to help me find a parking spot on the street so that I would not have to spend the $18 parking in their garage.The location is ideal if you're planning on visiting the EMP, Pacific Science Center, or the Space Needle. They are very close to this hotel.Now the bad things:Television choices were pretty miserable, especially for children. I could not find anything appropriate for my 6 year old, which normally is a good thing (we don't really watch TV at home), but we were on vacation and I would have appreciated PBS for half an hour as a way to come down from a big day at the museum.There is no pool at this location.Breakfast and the Manager's reception were both sub-par. Given the fact that we had just spent a couple of nights at a Springhill Suites, I thought all hotel breakfasts were pretty much the same. Unfortunately, this one was not that great. I realize there's not someone in the back cooking this food up but everything tasted very institutional and didn't seem at all healthy. Usually, this is fine with me since I want to explore new restaurants while I'm on vacation but I would have liked a better quality of food this time around.Some of the staff were less than helpful. One woman in particular seemed put out with any request I made. The hotel guide said, ...family board games are available at the front desk. When I went down to ask for one, she rolled her eyes, and said, Nope..Don't have any. You guys keep stealing them. I guess she meant us guys, the guests who pay her salary. However, she was the exception to the rule and most of the other staff were much more helpful.All in all, I give this hotel a C. It's clean, fairly well-located, and our stay was quiet. However, there's plenty of hotels to choose from in Seattle so I wouldn't rate it as high as others. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":519,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":513}]}