{"text":"Really relaxing place, great facilities, perfect for families We stayed at the Bali Hyatt in October 2007 for 7 nights. We had a Ocean King Room and in our package was the usual breakfast inclusion. It was the end of Ramadan so Bali was BUSY BUSY BUSY with domestic and international tourists. We normally stay in Legian or Seminyak and were a little apprehensive at first about staying in Sanur, but not spoilt for choice given we planned our trip on short-notice - away we went.As with a lot of flights into Bali, we arrived very late in the evening and were very impressed with the check-in facilities even at 1am, our room was ready as expected and we set off to the room with a hotel staffer. The Hyatt is set over 3 large 'blocks' or units. They are each built around lovely gardens and room entries are from the centre of the block enabling the rooms to look out over either the beach \/ resort or gardens.The room was a little tired, we've read other reviews on TripAdvisor before about the hotel being Tired so we thought best to try and define what we mean by this. The bathrooms have not been updated since new, they were gorgeous in design and represented the quality of fittings when they were built, but could do with a few modern touches. The bed, whilst comfortable, was clearly due for replacement - it was an older spring style mattress, the room could have done with a paint job too. Of our experience, our room was the only thing we were not entirely satisfied with.The hotel facilities are amazing. Absolutely sensational. The breakfast is served in a traditional open air dining room. Being a large hotel, it is a very large facility. Guests had a choice to have breakfast in the main dining area or alternatively at a more boutique terrace style setting just neighboring the main area. The buffet was amazing with a true global array of breakfasts including local South East Asian, Japanese, American and European. Certainly suggest not sleeping in, although where most hotels are 'to the minute' strict on breakfast, we were running late a number of mornings and there was never a question asked.The pool is stunning. It is quite picturesque with gorgeous stone structures of Indonesian cultural symbols. With overhead trees dropping Frangipanis into the pool it was really a special setting. Plenty of space with lap swimming as well as a just relaxing in the pool. There was also a hot tub \/ jacuzzi and cold plunge which provided a great break from the normal pool. Guests can use banana lounges either around the pool or throughout the grass area that fronts onto the beach, you can also get a lounge with umbrella on the beach, although a late breakfast meant we missed out on those most days.We went running, jet skiing, snorkeling, bike riding, glass bottom boat as our activities through the hotel. Suprisingly activities booked through the hotel were reasonably priced vs. the hawkers operating outside the resort - if you didn't want to bargain and haggle you were not getting ripped off through the hotel - quite refreshing actually!Running was a clear highlight and made a pleasure from the hotels beach-front location. There is a great track along the Sanur beach-front which was perfect for running. I managed to get out each morning for a jog before it got too hot (generally before 9am). If you're keen to combine exercise with your holiday and not just laze around all day, you'll enjoy this aspect.We dined at the poolside restaurant one night, which was enjoyable, but being Bali regulars we went to our regular restaurants and some new ones including La Lucciola in Seminyak, Teras in Legian and of course Cafe Melasti at Jimbaran Bay. We found a very nice Italian restaurant in Sanur about 5 minutes walk from the hotel, the name slips my mind for now, apologies, there look to be a lot of great restaurants in the main Sanur 'shopping' area - get out and about.Finally, we went as a couple, however there were a number of families there. The kids looked to have an absolute ball, there were lots of kids activities and the staff looked to genuinely know what they were doing. We never heard kids crying poolside once - refreshing, but says something about how enjoyable it must have been for them (not to mention mum and dad!). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3699,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":3695}]}