{"text":"Newly renovated Executive Floor but DO NOT expect much I stayed at the Hilton Tokyo over the Christmas period for 5 days - mainly for business but because Tokyo is such a dynamic city, I decided to extend for a few days to catch up with the vibrancy of the city. Unfortunately, my experience with the Hilton Tokyo in Shunjuku was not as positive. The hotel website proclaims quite proudly that it now has newly renovated rooms and an executive floor. Well, thats as far as it goes really. While the rooms look nice and new (for now), the housekeeping is somewhat not what you would expect of a top notch Hilton property and certainly I have seen much better standards at the Grand Hyatt (though its more expensive) and the Conrad Tokyo (excellent, simply excellent). However, the WORST aspect is really the Executive Lounge, which is way way too small to cater to some 7 whole floors of executive rooms! Poor planning must have been the root cause of this anomaly. I am sure there must be some tried and tested formula for how large the executive lounge should be per 10 rooms and so on, but clearly, this was NOT the case here. The lounge was so congested and crowded and stuffy during the peak periods (breakfast and evening cocktails), it was quite a sad sight. The staff at the executive lounge kept struggling with the demands of the guests, and the food etc was slow to be replenished. I saw hotel guests being turned away during breakfast and evening cocktails! I was quietly observing the mayhem (the concierge staff tried to be as polite as they could but really, the situation is unforgivable) including one American gentleman saying loudly that he has stayed in many Hiltons in his lifetime and he found this to be a disgrace to the name of the hotel chain. My verdict is: DO NOT pay the extra and stay at the executive floors unless you do not really intend to use the lounge. However, with the money you will pay, I think it far more value-add and sensible to stay at some of the other better 4 to 5 star hotels in Tokyo (of which there are many). ","annotations":[]}