{"text":"Disappointed In May we stayed for a few days to make sure the hotel met our expectations before bringing 33 family members. The hotel was not a 5 star hotel but it was still very nice and the beach and water beautiful. The country is very poor and still catching up on American expectations. The hotel is nice and the people very kind. The service is slow and in some cases non-exisistant. It was not worth paying more for VIP service. During our May stay we verified a few items.1. Could we get a discount for excursions if we booked a large group? We were told yes by all parties but never received any discounts. In fact the 4 wheeler's actually stopped in the middle of the trip in the middle of the road and tried to collect MORE money. We paid for 2 videos and still haven't received them. AND four members of our party were seperated from the group and found themselves in the woods with machete carrying men! It was just workers coming home from cutting sugar cane. But needless to say the seperated elderly women in the group were not very happy. 2. We paid for all 33 people could we get the MAS points so we could use them for a free stay at another Sol Melia location. Again the answer in advance was YES but now that the trip is over we have been told. NO 3. We had problems with NO butler service at the VIP pool. Would there be someone available if we paid for the VIP rooms this was a big reason why we wanted VIP. We never saw anyone working on the beach. We had to stand in line at the bar for all our drinks. We had even given family members tip money so they would get good service but the service was non-existant. 4. If we booked a deep sea fishing trip could we get one boat? We were told we could get two large boats. The day of they told us we would be on 4 boats. When we reminded them we had requested two boats they told us they just had to take us to the boats in seperate shifts. When each of the groups arrived at the fishing boats we were seperated into 4 boats. 5. Could we book a bus to take us where we wanted to go? The answer was yes. We had a specific village we wanted to visit and we were told it was a 30 minute drive. When we got on the bus it took us to several places we did not want to go and it took 2 hours to get where we requested. We ended up missing other activities we had paid for. And of course we didn't get our money back.Our recommendation is DON'T take any excursions. The snorkel\/scuba trip only had OLD childrens life jackets. The swells were so large we had two older family members that literally almost drowned. A younger family member had to help them to shore. The guide NEVER even noticed. The second dive one of the tanks was not traded out. If you are going to sit on the beach and enjoy the water and sun then go and enjoy it is BEAUTIFUL. but if you are used to and expect 5 star service and a YES to mean YES then chose some where else. (and watch your valuables. The staff at the airport stole items from our suitcases - remember the country is very poor and you won't know it is gone until you get home!). ","annotations":[]}