{"text":"Great Value for families Last Christmas, my family decided to have a mini family reunion in The Dominican Republic. We decided to go to Punta Cana because the beaches are better. We chose LTI because of the price and amenities for the price. First, the positive...It has a wonderful beach, especially for younger children. It is on a part of the beach where the waves are not as rough. If you are like my husband, who likes big waves, it is only a five minute walk down the beach to bigger waves. It is also a little further down the beach from the rest of the resorts, so it is more private and less crowded. The pool was nice and never crowded. there was a perfect size wading pool for toddlers.THere are many bars that had great choices of drinks and cocktails. Everyday there were numerous activities around that had food different from the buffet. This food tneded to be much better that what was at the buffet.The two reservation required, but still inclusive, restaurants had very good food. OUr family really enjoyed the Italian restaurant. The rooms were clean and the staff was very friendly and attentive. When checking in ask for the newer building on the beach. A lot of the rooms overlook the beach with wonderful views. They are closest to the beach and are newly renovated. There are a lot of activities that can be arranged from the resort. We did parasailing, horseback riding, ATV tours, catamaran, snorkeling, and a banan boat. There was much more we could have done but decided to be beach bums the rest of the time.If you go for NEw Year's, all the resort put on a fireworks display. It was really beautiful on the beach!The few negative..The buffet wasn't great if you are a picky eater. Breakfast is good, but the other meals, not so much, A lot of my family members had the typical stomach problems. If you want to play tennis while there, the pro is a little unreliable. They lock the courts after hours, and if you want to play the next day, you have to find the pro to unlock the courts. HE was a very nice and friendly guy, but just hard to find. No one on the resort seems to know where to find him.The resort is one of the furthest from the airport, so it is better to get your own taxi then one of the shuttles that stops at other resorts. It is a great way to get a peek at other resorts, but can get frustrating when you just want to get to you place.IF you go over Christmas, be prepared that on Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, and New Years they close all the restaurants and have a big buffet. But you can't go to the buffet whenver you want, you have to get a seating time. We arrived on Christmas Eve and received a seating of 8:30, which wasn't great for my 13 month old. All in all, it was a good resort for the money. It wasn't as large and luxurious as some of the other resorts. IT is still a great vacation, and one of the best beach locations in Punta Cana ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2034,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2030},{"endOffset":2034,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2030}]}