{"text":"Worst Vacation of my life I never write reviews, but this hotel made me. I went to this hotel because i did not have much choice or say in visiting my girlfrinds enormous family and staying at the supposed most affordable hotel on the beach. Front management is rude and not helpful. Remote never worked. Our friends shower head broke and curtain rail broke. I had to sit awkardly on the toilet beacuse i have long legs and their is a wall a foot in front of the toilet. Considering i spent alot of time there, it was very annoying. Many of our 30 guests got very sick. I do not know what this hotel does, but it seems everyone gets sick there, disgusts me frankly. Its not right. The food was horrible. The stafff was very unprofessional. Hitting on my girlfriend and other women we were with as well, and very pushy with tips, even when completely undeserved. Our hotel rooms were originally all mixed up with varying beds, and they first lied to us saying that they did not have king beds and that it was previously owned by Germans who only slept with Single twin size beds. HA ! crap pours from their mouths onto their plates. Because it is so far away from civilization, you are essentially stuck to eat their crap food and get massively ill. I got the worst stomach pain, diarehha, and vomiting of my life while i was there, and it was while i had a fever and pain all over my body. I was also medicated because fortunately we were a family wi th 3 doctors. Their on-site pharmacy charges over 100 dollars just to see the doctor and get something for your illness. My girlfirend and I barely got out of there the day we were supposed to leave, My girlfriend slept on the toilet on night. When she didn't have her head in it vomiting she was sitting on it as her colon was vomiting. Our friends and family where in similar situations, one was on an IV, but everyone liked to blame their problems on things unrelated to the hotel like hangover, sun poisoning, etc. I guess people don't like the truth. This hotel is a disaster, and if i could i would love to have a class action lawsuit against this place, but those are the faults of leaving the good ol' USA. O yea', their entertainment sucks as well. It was like watching a horrible re-run of a 1990 MTV spring break contest. And the beer was always warm too! I just wished i could have saw these reviews before i went. I would have just straight up refused to go there. Maybe i can save some poor misguided soul out there from entering a little slice of hell on earth. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2509,"mention":"slice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sliced_bread"],"startOffset":2504}]}