{"text":"5 Star hotel???? I dont think so! Firstly let me start by saying how terribly disappointed I was the Blue Hotel. I have just returned to Melbourne after spending two nights at Blue. How on earth they have managed to classify themselves as a 5 star hotel is completely beyond me - perhaps back in the day when the hotel first opened - but in this day and age 5 star they certaintly are not.The official website even boasts about the award they won in 2005!! Its not 2005 anymore its now 2008 move on!!I made my booking 3 weeks prior to our stay and because May is classified as low season I really didnt expect to have any problems.The day prior to arriving I called the hotel to double check my booking - they had no record on the computer of my reservation - the girl I spoke to went out the back to look through the paperwork and sure enough there was my reservation which had been forgotten about (in her words). The next day when I arrived with my partner we were greeted at the front desk by a girl who was not only dressed very badly but had no idea what she was doing. We were given a key to the third floor and on arrival found out that it defiantly was not the room I had booked. We went back downstairs to tell the girl at front reception who was very confused. She then attempted to find the room I had booked and got it wrong again!! After the third try we finally got our room.How disappointing - the room was anything but 5 star luxury as is described by many websites. There were scuffs all over the walls, paint chipping off corners, scuffs on the down stairs mirror and the furniture was looking a little worse for wear. There were blue faux fur cushions on the couch that were old and matted while on our bed lay an old, pilled electric blue arcylic blanket. The paint job in the main room and the bathroom looked very cheap. But perhaps the worst thing about the hotel is on the 5th floor where the ceiling is very low as you walk up (or down) two steps into the alcove before your rooms front door. My partner who is 6ft tall was walking out the front door - the alcove has no lighting (this only comes on later at night) - he began to walk down the steps and did not see the low bearing ceiling - he hit this so hard he landed on his back on the steps with a big gash to his head. The next day he also had a very sore neck. We went downstair to tell the girl at the front desk and all she could say was oh!!!! oops!!!! There are no signs anywhere to warn tall people to look out for the low ceilings and low beams. If this had been an older person then they may have done some serious damage to themselves.I would not recommend anyone I know to stay at the Blue Hotel ","annotations":[]}