{"text":"Extremely disappointed... In traveling, I have always looked for the bargain...my view is, why spend all that money on a hotel when you are only going to be there to sleep and shower. And until my stay at Hotel Urquinaona, I had never been disappointed with a bargain hotel. Let's start with the pros. The hotel is about five steps from the metro station and you can easily walk to different parts of the city; the water was hot when all three of us took turns showering. Now the cons...the room was by far the tinyest room i have ever stayed at. Literally the three of us had to put our suitcase on our beds in order to be able to open them. Secondly we had a window that faced another building about a foot away, i felt like i was in a cell. The bathroom had no sink space and the tub had mold all over it. We saw some spiders and our last day there we woke up to someone screaming, we still have no idea what that was all about. And at this point i was still ok with the room. The tipping point was what the staff demanded when we left. Let me preface this by stating that the night before we asked to have a taxi requested at 4:00a.m. The staff said it would be no problem and when we booked the hotel we were told we could pay with credit card. Well imagine our surprise when at 3:30 a.m. the staff member states he doesn't know how to work the credit card machine and that we need to walk to an atm and retrieve 450 dollars. The three of us are all young and in our twenties, the last thing we were going to do was walk five blocks in the pitch dark and get that amount of cash. We insisted to speak with a manager since they already had our card number and were still demanding that we go to the atm. The staff member refused to call the manager at home. The cab driver came in and thankfully helped explain that it would be unsafe to walk to the atm and that we could not be expected to have that kind of cash. Luckily the cab driver taught the man how to use the machine, but we ended up having to pay the cab driver for his time anyway because the meter was running. We would never stay here again and we would never recommend it to anyone! ","annotations":[]}