{"text":"Waste of money and time My boyfriend and I heard it was a great place from some friends who gushed how great and amazing it was. We had high expectations and were looking forward to our trip.The hotel resort is HUGE and absolutely beautiful, well-cared for and there's security everywhere.The food is okay, nothing awe-inspiring but we weren't expecting much in the first place, since it is, after all, a third world country. We managed to find food we liked to get us by. But our friends who came with us did get bouts of cramping and diaarhea.The staff were a bit snobby, no one was down-right rude but they weren't very warm either. Alot of them looked quite bored being there. At one point my boyfriend asked three different staff members where the bathroom was and they all gave three entirely different answers. The beach and poolside is beautiful and clean. Except for one thing. The minute you stepped into the ocean all you smelled was gasoline from all the boats passing by. It was sun, water and gasoline all day long. Unlike Cuba, the dominican had no fish in their water. If the fish can't stay in the gasoline-infested ocean neither were we. We discovered on the 4th day of our trip that we were missing some money. My boyfriend and I bring money solely for tips during our stay. We took half of the money out with us and left the remainder in the lining of our suitcase. We didn't want to use the safe because it was $70 a day to rent and if the safe malfunctioned we'd be screwed. Everyday my boyfriend would count the money in our suitcase. On the fourth day we were $130 short. The only person in our room was the maid. Since we had no proof we couldn't accuse her (especially in a country that wasn't ours). But she never looked us in the eye when we would greet her and the day after the money dissapeared a brand new maid came to clean our room.  What angers me the most is that we tipped her $10 the first day we got there!  This trip was not at all relaxing. If anything I came back even more tense and agitated, and feel really stupid for treating people so nicely when, obviously, they did not feel the same way.  The only thing going for this resort is that it looks pretty. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1041,"mention":"Cuba","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cuban_sandwich"],"startOffset":1037}]}