{"text":"Just ok. We made do Returned Feb\/02\/07..Ill make this as brief and to the point as I can .I agonized over my decision to stay at this resort even after I booked it. There were too many bad reviews as well as good ones that made me wonder if its just the people in this world that aren't happy with anything or that they have travelled many times and are comparing it to other destinations and hotels and expected too much here. I have cruised (Royal Carribean) and stayed in private villas in Cofiesi (northen D.R.) and there is no other vacation like that.Tremendous to say the least. So here it is regarding Grand Paridise. The Beach, the ocean and the pools are fantastic. The beach is the same all the way down the coast so it doesnt matter where you stay. The rooms are nothing better then your run of the mill motel. We did however have a fantastic view of the ocean (5324) Our toilet ran on all week. I didn't go on vacation to watch T.V..however it is nice to doze off to after a long day in the sun, It had 15 channels (none of which you could make out) No shower curtain..It was an open concept bathing area but you couldnt help getting water all over the room..oh well we just needed more towells to dry it up..but never really got any. We had to phone the front desk on two occasions after 4pm to find out why our room hadn't been made up. The made didnt have us on her list???. We left the room for a while, came back and found it made up (but with no towells) Had to call front desk again. Our excursion bus was an hour late as was our shuttle to the airport on departure day, and the front desk is again clueless to the situation..Sorry said I'd be brief. Well to rap it up. I'd have to say the the staff here are nice if you talk to or are waited on by every OTHER person and the food is OK..nothing to write home about . Time Share people they allow on the property are in your face constantly..Very annoying!!. So this open minded person is going to remember the fun he had with his wife and daughters and forget about my bad decision to stay here..after being warned by the people who expect more for their money.to maybe choose another..Close your browser live with your decision..Because you know what you want..and what you can live with..Rmemeber the Ocean,beach and pools..AWSOME!.That's mostly why your going..Right?. ","annotations":[]}