{"text":"Dangerous, dirty, awful place! This was so awful it's hard to know where to begin. Firstly, the location is not good. It's a good 15-20 mins walk to public transport after you've climbed over the drunks on the pavement. You're in the gay district so it's colourful to say the least and at night it's uncomfortable walking around looking for somewhere to eat. There are plenty of cafes, restaurants etc nearby though. The hotel is also opposite the police station so beware of sirens at all hours. The hotel itself has apparently been refurbished but the only evidence of this is new bedding. The carpets, furniture etc are shabby and knocked about. We had booked a deluxe room on the top floor but at check-in the receptionist tried to put us in an economy room on level1. After some argument he eventually put us in a 'one bed suite' on level7 as the hotel was supposedly full. This was very large with a balcony but shabby and dirty. The bedding had black marks on it, the carpet was stained, loose and pulled away from the walls and there was mould in the bathroom. There was no soundproofing or double glazing at all so traffic noise was horrendous. The balcony rail was very low so it would be easy to fall over it and we were shocked that it was permissible in a public building. The sliding door didn't close properly either so very dangerous if you had a child. We had unexpected company in the form of a huge cockroach which we managed to trap thankfully. We didn't bother returning it to the desk as they had been so unhelpful to begin with. The next morning we did battle with the desk again for our deluxe room. Again they tried to palm us off with a different room but eventually we got what we should have had to start with. They said they would transfer our bags but when we returned we had to look for them and do it ourselves. It was a better room having had a recently installed shower room. It was small though and again had tired old furniture, uncomfortable beds and no soundproofing. This time round we had ants to contend with! The mgr gave us vouchers for breakfast which was fine but this was the only meal we had there. The cockroach and ant thing put us off eating there. On the whole a horrible experience, dreadful service with desk staff blatantly lying and an unpleasant area of town to stay. Avoid it like the plaque! We stayed in Jan07 and would never go back there or advise anyone else to stay. ","annotations":[]}