{"text":"Great Trip Don't belive the Yanks Don't believe the yankees or brits. This hotel was an excellent choice for the price. We arrived 2 days after the tropical storm devastated the island and we were treated very well during our 8 day visit. My wife and I are from Texas so we know enough Spanish to get by. The way we feel is we are in a Spanish speaking country it is our job to learn enough of the language to get by. How arrogant can you be to say they should learn English to come to the US but why should we learn Spanish when going to their country. If you take a couple hours time before you leave to learn a few words like please, thank you, before you go I promise you will get a better response.I am 29 and my wife is 33. We both had a blast. This hotel, and this country, would be a good vacation for anyone with kids, anyone younger who wants to party, or anyone older who wants to relax and tuck in early. We went to sleep by 9:00 on two separate nights and did not wake up to a sound until 9:00 the next morning!!!The grounds were cleaner than any hotel grounds I have visited in the US or tropics. They entire hotel staff is dedicated to creating a clean environment. I watched a security guard pick up trash as he made his nightly rounds.  The hotel food is good (NOT EXCELLENT) But good.The rooms were Good. (Again not Excellent).The beach.. OMG. What else can you say about a perfect caribbean beach with the clearest blue water in the world. I can't imagine a beach cleaner or more beautiful in the entire world. Remember this is a beach vacation and you will enjoy your stay.The drinks were great. If you did not ask for alcohol they did not serve it. They are a family resort. Kids order pina colada's all day long. They would rather not give some drunk yankee rum than give a child alcohol. If you want rum just order your drink and say WITH RUM. Or in spanish.. CON RUM. That simple. No reason to complain. because you didn't get something you didn't ask for. The service was ok. The service in NY is 10 times worse than the worst service I recieved in the Dominican. Some staff was less than friendly but once you initiated conversation they were all willing to help. We took an 8 hour day trip with Bavaro Runners. This is a must for anyone interested in learning about the country you are visiting. This trip was reasonably priced (80 US per Person). It included drinks (RUM AND CERVAZA), lunch and a wealth of knowledge. We visited the local farms, churches, schools, etc. We were pretty tired by the end of the day but it was well worth the time out away from the beach.This is a must do trip for anyone looking for a quiet relaxing time away from reality. ","annotations":[]}