{"text":"READ THIS...if you want an honest review of the resort.. My friends and I (18, 23, 27) left for the Dominican Dec 19-26. We booked through Air Canada Vacations and received the Platinium Package. Keep in mind, that although I am young (23) I am an experienced traveller who has been to the Dominican 5 plus times, even twice a year!! I find that those who are new tend to give higher ratings as they have really no comparison. So if you are uneasy about whether to book with this resort or not than this review is for you.I will only discuss the main points..the good, the bad, the ugly...ok so here we go...The resort is beautiful, large and well maintained, but no comparison to the Bahia Principe (so if you are deciding between the two, than go with the Bahia). Here I begin my rant, BUT KEEP IN MIND ...I am not an anal person, very easy going and very easy to make happy. Our water pressure was tragic..it was more like a dribble and there was not any hot water...my first shower there was FREEZING...we called to get it fixed, they came shortly, it seemed to be fixed, but no cigar amigo! We called him the next day, same thing, temporarily fixed, but no hot water. Finally we decided to let the water run for about an hour, than VOILA! The water pressure began to get stronger and the water warmer. We decided since it was half way through our vacation that we didn't want to switch rooms. The food was terrible!!!!!!!!! Never have I been to a resort with such disappointing food. Every resort I have been to has been good to excellent, even the buffets. We all had stomach problems as well. MY FIRST TIME HAVING THIS PROBLEM! The a la cartes were terrible, the service was extremely slow, I understand that we are on Dominican time, but honestly I almost fell asleep. So, I really cannot recommend a restaurant for you because they were all bad. I am not a picky eater, but I honestly thought to myself, do these chefs taste the food that they are making? We were there for the Christmas Eve Dinner, and the set up and decorations were BEAUTIFUL. They did an excellent job, but too bad it didn't taste as good as it looked!The entertainment was really cheesy lip synching, but the dancers do put in a lot of effort. That's all I can say about that. If you are looking for a nightlife than this resort is not the place to be. You have to venture out to Club Mangu, which is about a 5 minute cab ride, should cost you about a dollar a person. We always went with a large group and that's what it came out to. The music is decent and when you are loaded than everything is amazing!Of course, the beach was beautiful. I can't deny that.The only positive thing about the platinum package was that we were close to the beach and the platinum lounge bartender was really awesome. It was dead in there, but we always went there to pre drink before we headed out. Platinum members do receive better alcohol (the only other bonus). You also receive a free 20 minute massage which was pretty good and also free water excursion, but we did not use that voucher.Believe me, book somewhere else!! That's the honest truth :) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2365,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":2361}]}