{"text":"Great location but... My partner and I stayed at the Bali Garden for 10 days in the Deluxe room. This was our second stay at this hotel, last time we stayed in the Villa with family.We have mixed feelings about this hotel. We love the location, the new pools are great, and the new restaurant on the beach is lovely. But the rooms are ordinary and we had several problems.What we loved:We love the location of this hotel, it's one of the few hotels in Kuta\/Legian that is actually right on the beach. The Bali Garden is also in the heart of the major shopping area, being next to the Centro shopping centre and a five minute walk from Kuta Square.The pools are great (3 in total) a lap pool, normal pool and a spa pool. The new restuarant and beach bar are resonalby priced, we ate lunch there everyday, not to mention the sunsets are beautiful. There was also a wedding which was cool.What we disliked:We did not recieve the Queen size bed we booked, instead we got 2 singles pushed together but still made up as singles, it took being ran around by reception for three days and complaining to the manager to finally get a room with a double bed. The bathrooms are poorly lit, have mould and have pooling water on the floor. The water was never hot, just luke warm! There also seemed to be an ant problem in the 2nd room we stayed in as they were crawling over the desk everyday. At one stage there was some work being done in the roof whilst we were staying (something to do with the hot water system), which was fine, providing a flying piece of concrete doesn't come hurtling towards you (luckily it missed), we should have been told that work was going to be done. Following that the workers decided to test their handy work by turning the water back on, little did they know that this would created a lovely waterfall at the front door of my room, obviously their handy work wasn't that handy after all. To be honest I laughed when a worker saw me standing on the other side of the doorway\/waterfall and started screaming in indonesian at his boofhead workmates, it had become comical by this stage.Customer service (from reception, not pool\/bar staff) and comunication needs to be improved.We were told by management that the deluxe rooms are going to be refurbished, and the prices will also be going up next April. However they will really need to lift their game both in service and room standards to justify this.We also stayed at another hotel for 6 days, so we had something to compare bali garden to. While we paid a fair bit more for the other hotel, we got every dollars worth. Value for money isn't about how much you pay but what you get for your money!We are easy going people and not hard to please but it would seem to us that the owners (who were there at the time planing for renovations etc.) are more interested in their ROI (return on investment) than customer satisfaction.Cheers. ","annotations":[]}