{"text":"Wasn't The Best  We stayed at the Hyatt Waikiki 8\/1 - 8\/3 in the Diamondhead Tower. I believe this area of the hotel is an older area, as it seemed a little outdated and needs some refurbishing. The carpets were a bit dirty in the cooridor areas and the rooms were not all that sound proof. You could hear the sounds from inside the rooms while in the cooridor area. The actual room we were in was in definite need of new carpet, it was grungy looking and some of the seams were coming up around the area of where it met the bathroom door so there were threads coming up. The actual bathroom where the toilet and shower\/bath were was very small and the fixtures were very outdated. However, the bed was very comfortable and the linens were nice and the pillows quite plump and comfortable as well. The refridgerator of course was fully stocked with excessivly overpriced items, sode @ $2.50 per can, 16 oz bottle of Fuji Water was $5.50 per bottle, etc. but that's a hotel for you and to boot Hawaii too!! The location of the hotel is nice, however it's very hussle bussle and very busy all the time. The hotel restaurant breakfast buffet is extremely expensive, $25 a person, however children 4 and under eat free at the buffet with a paying adult which is nice. You can definitely eat enough so you don't need to eat lunch, or just need something light for lunch, so it kind of evens out paying that much, althought it is quite expensive. One thing to note when eating outside at the restaurant is the bird\/pigeon problem. There are birds every where constantly trying to get at food left on tables from previous diners, and if you get up be careful your plate is either guarded or empty, because they will swoop in while you're gone. The waiters are constantly doing what they can to get the birds out of the area, however it is a little pesky while trying to eat and kind of ruins the whole outside thing. There are signs posted not to feed the birds, although they do a good job of finding their own food with out having to be fed by anyone. The conceiarge staff was nice and helpful, although I can't say the same for the bell staff. I asked for a cab and sat there for 15 minutes before I realized that they either ignored my request or forgot about it, needeless to say I had to ask again. The front desk staff (Danica especially) was very pleasant. Beware, if you don't bring your own computer there is one available in the business center to use to the tune of $0.65 per minute, which is quite a rip off, but Hawaii for you. The beach is great, and there is plenty of space, although it's always quite crowded. All in all I felt the hotel was satisfactory, it wasn't over the top, but it wasn't a motel 6 either. I think it's got some work to bring it up to a quote luxury property, although that may not be what they're looking to be considered either. ","annotations":[]}