{"text":"Decent little place, but wouldn't stay again After reading reviews on TripAdvisor for various hotels in the Union Square area, we settled on the Hotel Rex. Our stay was fine, but there were some issues that would prevent me from giving it an above average rating.First, the good. The staff that I met were all very friendly and helpful. Check in was easy and having a car booked for the airport when checking out was great. The room was cleaned efficiently. The best part of this hotel is the location. It is central to the shopping district and very close to cable car, trolleys, bus and subway transportation. If you go to San Francisco, this is a great area in which to stay.There is some improvement needed. The hallways and public areas look a bit worn and shabby. I visited the Hyatt where I could have booked a room for just a few dollars more and was impressed with the cleanliness and the overall condition of the public areas there. The elevator is very small and slow. The two of us could barely fit our bags and ourselves on board. The room itself was very tiny. There were no drawers to store clothes in, although there was a wardrobe. However, there was not floor space to store bags, so the only place to put them was in the wardrobe, which then limited the space to store clothes. The bedspread in the room had cigarette burns in it, although I thought the room was non-smoking. After cleaning the bathroom one day, the room attendant left a dirty cleaning rag (looked like an old, ripped up bath towel) in the middle of the floor. We were on a room toward the back, so didn't get street noise, but had one tiny window which looked out over HVAC units and the grafitti on the building next door. Finally, there was a gift basket addressed to someone else in the room when we checked in. I took it to the front desk and the clerk said Oh, that's where that went!. I thought that seemed a little odd that in a small hotel, they couldn't send a basket to the correct room.Overall, a decent place to stay with good service. The public areas could use updating and the room could be designed more logically to maximize the limited space. ","annotations":[]}