{"text":"Soaking up sun and sand at Ocean Sands! Ocean Blue and Sands Resort was Def a 4 out of 5. I just got back and my husband and I had a lovely time. Please do yourself a favor and don't read the negative reviews but at the same time don't have high expectations either. Remember, this is island life, there will be issues that one is not usually used to if you live in the western world. Food and water is different so eat and drink in moderation, give yourself time to adjust. Understand there will the odd blackout as we had experienced but it added to our adventure and never lasted long. Sometimes water pressure was low so hard to get hot water thru your shower faucet but you would have to have a cold shower which is nice in hot weather but hot water was always available for the tub. It really did not bother us at all, like I said, you just adjust.The resort and staff were friendly and smiling all the time. The odd time the service slacked went it was busy and they are overwelmed, mostly when the local Dominicans come in on the weeked, it is very busy then but adds to the atmosphere!The rooms were beautiful and big. The balcony huge and great views. We were in Villa 7, room 7305, request it if you like. As soon as I arrived I put a big smile to reception and told them I wanted the best room in town!!! Your attitude is important to them too, staff can make or break your stay. He gave us a wondeful room.The food good but lacked a little variety. We loved the general buffet Restaurant the best, more variety and you can sit and chat at your table for as long as you want. At the a la cartes we felt a little more pressured to eat and leave.We took a tour outside to Saona Island, a def must see! We payed 80US per person but well worth the ride. Bring insect repellent if you are doing this tour, lots of sand flies. Overall, an excellent tour.We had a great time overall at Ocean Sands, right now the lobby is under construction so I would book later when that is all done, I am sure it will look lovely. Go and have a great time and remember to keep an open mind and you will have the best time! Also, this hotel is not a singles party palace, more for RnR and for couples and families in my opinion.Ola, enjoy! Please feel free to email with any questions! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2160,"mention":"palace","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_New_York_Palace_Hotel"],"startOffset":2154}]}