{"text":"A pleasant surprise I had also read previous reviews of this hotel and was a little dismayed. But the positive reviews gave me hope as they had been more recent.I was pleased that the room I had reserved (one bedroom suite, smoking) for 10 days was available, as was another one of the same caliber. My room was clean, washroom had everything I needed (but I went and purchased some amenities I like due to my long duration).Kitchette was very very useful... I ate out once with friends, the rest I ate in. The hotel has a restaurant now, they are open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They are very popular with visitors and locals alike between 6 and 7 PM for Chinese\/American cuisine.I was lucky to get a room on the 5th floor looking out over the pool toward Kuhio. The noise of Kuhio did not bother me nearly as much as it does when I stay at a hotel directly on Kuhio.The front desk staff was always helpful for anything I needed and I always felt safe in the hotel. Housekeeping was available most of the day, and if you needed something but didn't need a total room refresh, all you have to do is ask.Everything you want is right at Kuhio; all within walking distances, and rental car agencies are nearby as well.Parking is terrible, but the hotel readily advertises this on their website, so anyone who puts down this hotel because of that should have done their reading first. I only rented a car twice, the rest of the time everything was done by walking or cabs.I stay in Honolulu very very often, but at a different commercial chain. The Hokele Suites is great for a long stay. The price is great for the hotel style (typical Old Honolulu), and you really feel like you are at home. If you're only in town for a day or two, then spend 400$ a night at a beachfront property.Around the pool every afternoon and evening are groups of retired couples playing canasta... it feels like Miami beach... and very very comfortable. I can see the appeal to them for this hotel... it is away from the noise and chaos of Kalakaua and Kuhio.I didn't get to see the other rooms; mine had an internal entrance like any other hotel, but on the other side of the hotel they were external entrances.If you are worried about what others have said about this place but would like to stay, try to reserve a room where the lanai overlooks the pool. My room ended in 47... so I'm assuming the rest of the floors are the same.The hotel doesn't have wireless internet, and contrary to what others have said, it is difficult to hook onto another users' wireless from the surrounding buildings. But there is Oceanic High Speed available, you ask for the cord at the front desk, connect it to your laptop, and call Oceanic if you have any issues connecting. Rates are daily, weekly, and monthly.I do hope that this hotel will one day have its own wireless or high speed internet access; but whether you pay for it via Time Warner Oceanic or through hidden fees in your room fee, it is all the same in the long run.Nice hotel, friendly service, great Aloha spirit... I will definitely stay here again for an extended time in Waikiki! ","annotations":[]}