{"text":"Food Average -Transportation Terrible-The Rest FANTASTIC Let me start by saying that the resot is huge. So big you need to take a trolly EVERYWERE unless you want to walk for miles everyday on vacation in tropical weather. I found this extremely anoying and time consuming. if you want to spend you're vacation waiting in lines for tains and waiting for tains this is the spot for you. I would not go back for this simple reason. If you are already boiked I highly recomed you tip the recepcionist $10.00 and ask for the room closest to the beach and pool area. The las thing you want to do is have to wait for the train to take you to the pool and bring you back when you want to shower and relax in you're room.Royal Service is for Royal fools. $70.00 per person\/ per night unreal. I ate at every restuaurant I wanted never had a problem getting reservation + or - 30 minutes. If you pay this you have to be the biggest fish ever. The ROYAL building is at least 1-2 miles from the Beach. You do get cart service from anywere in the location but first you have to find one. Many times i flagged a cart down gave him $1.00 and took me anywere I wanted. This was the only advantage I saw to Royal Service. Moral of the storry DONT BE A ROYAL SUCKER!!!!. I went the weekend of memorial day and IT was empty maybe 10-20 in the beach at a Time. At times we were the only ones on the beach and in our section of the pool. There is two humoungus pools there is space for EVERYONE. Dont let them convince you the Royla Pool service is private it's simply not worth the price. The location is terrible Punta Cana is all about the beach you have to ride a cart to the beach. The restaurant are the same for everyone royla or non. The fun bars are the main entrance for everyone and one in the Casino with live sports. Food = Averagfe being form the U.S I used to very good food and service. Service was good and food ranged from Average to Good. Highly recomend the Jappanese tepanyaki restaurant and order the fried ice cream for desrt. WE ALL LOVED THIS MEAL. The buffets are no Vegas Buffets but they are good. The American grill was terrible the stake was like drowing in salt stay away. You are not allowed to bring food into the beach or to tkae out food to bring to you're room. This was really anoying I love late snaking and wayching movies. They have some ridicolusly expensive shops in the resort and across the street. There i a Cigar shiop in the stores that rolls its own cigars. Good cigars decent price highly recomended. Bars are anoying they serve really litte cup so you dont consume much. The people by the beach are too lazy to go get more drinks including myself. You have to wlak about 300 feet to get a drink you drink half of it on the way back. Tricl\/Tip they serve water in huge foam cups. Give the bartender a couple of American Doolars and ask him to mae you drinks on that cup. Save the cups becuase they run out quick and bring them back to be refilled. This was a grat way to keep a cold drink in the ebach for a long period of time. Beach Area: FANTASTICCCCCCCCCCC I have been everywere the most beautiful clean beach I have seen in my life. ALMOST WORTH all the negative things that I experinced. I LOVE THE PUNTA CANA BEACH. I cant put this into word I loved evey second of this beach. It was almost deseted that weekend so I enjoyied it to the Max. The NIGHTLIFE was fantastic. They a had a nightly musical style show evvery night. It was a different show everynight and It was great. Our ritual was Dinner, Casino, Show, and then either go back to the casino and hang out at the Bar or do the discoteque till 2-4 AM. This was fantastic everyone did what they wanted there something for everyone. They had piano music i nthe lobby bar and disco music in the disco areas after the 10:30 pm show. Overall if it wasant for the anoying transportation this vacation was FANTASTIC. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2017,"mention":"fried ice cream","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fried_ice_cream"],"startOffset":2002}]}