{"text":"Pretty disappointing start My partner and I recently stayed at the Observatory Hotel in Sydney for 2 nights. We booked well in advance and also spent quite a bit on spa treatments.Once checked in, we were really disappointed to find food stains all over the carpet. After trying to decide whether or not it was appropriate to complain we concluded that considering the amount of money we were paying it wasn't good enough. First reception sent up a cleaner, armed with carpet cleaner, to fix the problem (with us still in the room). He took one look and decided it would be easier for us to shift and later have the carpets steam cleaned. So, after some wait and several more phone calls, we were moved to a smaller, older room on a lower level floor (first floor, much louder and no security set-up in the lift as with the other levels). We had also paid for a water view, so the lower level wasn't as good in this regard either. When we entered, there was a dirty food plate on the table and the ironing board was left out and set-up for use. It was obvious the room hadn't been properly cleaned after the last guest!After several more phone calls we were moved AGAIN. This time same level, different up-graded room with a bottle of champagne waiting for us. All up I think we had spend close to 1 hour being moved around so as nice as the champagne was we had still wasted time and were late for a dinner date. I am also 7 1\/2 months pregnant so the champagne wasn't much use.On a positive note, the hotel restaurant is very keen to please and will cook you just about anything on request. The staff were also very nice and helpful through-out the whole hotel and besides our carpet everything is very clean and beautiful.Our only other complaint was in regards to the parking arrangements. We had a hire car and were told upon arrival that it would be parked for us BUT no-one told us that this would cost $40 and another $40 everytime we wanted to use it. There is no other option besides don't bring a car.I am sure there might be 100 other better options in Sydney if you are prepared to spend this kind of money but I would probably give the Observatory another shot next time. I just hope we weren't mucked around because we didn't look quite the part (a bit hard after travel and pregnancy). Maybe not... ","annotations":[]}