{"text":"LTI was just OK..more like a 3 star  Stayed at the LTI (Also known as the VIK arena blanca) Nov. 17- 24th. Yes there are good qualities to this resort, being the beautiful beach, where there is lots of sunchairs and sunshade areas. There is a large selection of alcohol and drink menus, and the buffet does have a variety of foods.However! I have never had such horrible service before. Every 20 minutes somebody would come up to you advertising a tour, or product to buy and would NOT leave you alone. there are vendors everywhere set up on this resort at night, they will literally grab you and pull you to their stand, they do not understand the word no. A lot of them expect a tip as well after everything they do or help you with...This resort is under construction and will be for a while. They are redoing each block per month. You cannot sit at the pool in peace, you will hear electrical equipment ALL DAY LONG. In addition to that, you cannot sleep after 730\/8am, you will be woken up by powertools.My boyfriend and I both got 24-hour food poisoning from the hotdogs at the beach snack bar. Be careful what you eat- it is not the same at home  you can get sick VERY easily.You will not sleep at this resort- The doors are made of heavy wood and you literally have to slam them in order for them to shut. So you can really only get a decent 4 hour sleep.The entertainment at night was bland out boring, and not suitable for children at all (ex. one of the skits was acting out a sex scene with a dominican!) If your looking for a party scene as well, this is not your place at all. The disco is no good- you will have to leave the resort and go into town where we paid $10 american per drink at Club Imagine! You are best to go to Cancun or Varadero for a party scene..To sum up my review, I will say that Punta Cana is a beautiful destination with so many other amazing resorts you can stay at- for example the Paradisus or the Bahia chain are incredible., stay away from this resort and spend the extra $200 for an incredible 4 or 5 star on the beach. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1708,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1704}]}