{"text":"Would Totally Go Again!!! This place was muy excellente! My husband and I had a blast from the moment we stepped off the plane to the moment we left. We went with a larger group (for a wedding) and therefore our bus was only our group. Our driver and guide took us to a couple of places for our first taste of Dominican Culture and an ice cold Presidente. If there are any St. Louis Cardinals fans out there, wear your Pujols jersey with pride! My father-in-law wore one into a little grocery shop and got a standing ovation! They love their native son!The bus ride was a little bumpy, but remember this is really a country which is just finding it's legs as a destination vacation. This is what I thought to be the drag part of the trip, but it was only a small fraction of the time, so I don't consider it a deal breaker.The resort was immaculate. Really really beautiful. The beach was gorgeous and the sand was like walking on powder. I had never walked on sand so soft. The waves were huge and the undertow was very strong, so be careful. There were always plenty of cabanas, beach loungers, and hammocks on the shore.For our group the place to be was the swim up bar called Blue. The pool was huge and Dionel was always happy to serve your favorite drink with a smile and a little Spanish lesson. All the servers always had a smile on!The restaurants were all right. I tend to be one of the world's pickiest eaters, but I always found something good to eat. I highly recommend The Grill. It was not as formal as the others, and the steak was always good.The Entertainment at Excellence was top notch. The Michael Jackson show was SO AWESOME. And the entertainment staff was really good at getting people out on the dance floor and make the most of their vacation. Juan Carlos and Joel ROCKED!Like I said earlier we went down there for a wedding, and this report does an amazing job. The set up on the beach was so beautiful, and Ana Rivas was so adept at handling every little detail. That was a wedding I'll treasure forever, even though it wasn't mine :0)Oh, and if you are looking for souveniers...look no further than Nancy's. Her shop is just down the beach from the resort. You can actually see her sign while you are in the pool. Anyway, she's very fair and her goods are in great shape. And unlike the vendors allowed in the resort, Nancy didn't follow you aroung and bother you while you were shopping. I bought some jewelry and her stuff is the real deal.I hope this helped someone. I will definately go back when time and finances permit. ","annotations":[]}