{"text":"Does not qualify as a 4 star hotel We booked the Galeria Plaza based on the high ratings here and on Hotels.com and we were very disappointed.We stayed from December 27th thru 29th and then again on December 31st. I booked both of these stays through Hotels.com before I had traveled to Mexico City and now wish that I had not. This hotel was listed as a 4 star hotel and the service and facilities that we experienced during our stays definitely do not warrant that.For both stays I had booked the Brisas Business Club-European Plan with a non-smoking king bed, which according to your website provides the following: One king bed or two double beds. Located on top two floors (10th and 11th). Large window with city views. Desk. Three multi-line phones. Internet access (surcharge). Minibar. Coffee\/tea maker. Satellite TV. Alarm clock. Marble bathroom with shower and tub. Access to the living-room-like executive lounge providing check-in and concierge services; complimentary daily Continental breakfast; complimentary evening wine and appetizers; express check-in and check-out. Upon arrival at the hotel for our initial stay on the 27th, we were informed that the top 2 floors (the 10th and 11th) were being remodeled and therefore we would be on a lower floor. Furthermore, even though I clearly reserved a king bed they claimed none were available unless we wanted a smoking room, which we did not. We did receive vouchers for the complimentary daily Continental breakfast, however, instead of complimentary evening wine and appetizers we were given a single voucher good for 2 drinks at the bar. The fact that this plan was advertised, yet none of the benefits were truly available was clearly a case of false advertising on both the Galeria's and Hotels.com part.Things did not get any better once we went to our room, the following is a list of problems that we encountered:-Extremely loud noise from the pipes following toilet flushing -Extremely loud noise from the pipes when the show was turned on-Neither A\/C nor heater were operational-In-room safe was broken-Had to argue about the telephone charges, even though we were informed upon checking in that all local and 800 calls were free We were outside of Mexico City for a few days and returned on December 31st for a one night stay, the results of which were no better than the previous one. Upon checking in I knew that we would not have access to the 10th or 11th floor, so I requested the breakfast and drink vouchers. Although these vouchers had been freely given on our previous stay we had to request them 3 times before someone at the front test would give them to us. Additional issues on the second stay:-Only 1 bath towel provided, had to ask 3 times, finally went down to the front desk at 1:30 am and waited until they brought them.-Toilet leaked-Again neither the heater nor the A\/C were operational. -Had to argue about the telephone charges, even though we were informed upon checking in that all local and 800 calls were freeFrankly I am very disappointed both in the Galeria Plaza and in Hotels.com for advertising services that were a) clearly not available and b) for claiming to be a 4 star property. The only positive is that the staff at the concierge desk and at the caf√ã√\u2022√ñ were very good. ","annotations":[]}