{"text":"Love, Love, Love this Hotel I normally travel with my husband but this trip I am solo. When I checked into the Chancellor yesterday, it felt like coming home. This is probably my 10th trip to this hotel, and I would never stay anywhere else in San Francisco. One of the many reasons I enjoy this hotel is that it is a true San Francisco style hotel. It is not a large, boxy, giant roomed modern hotel. Why come to an interesting city like San Francisco and stay at a place like that? You might as well go to Vegas if that's the experience you want. This is is quaint, cozy, old school San Francisco. If you've ever looked at any of the houses or flats in the City (and I have, since I lived here for 20 years), you'll see the same sort of architecture. Things are compact here in San Francisco with interesting little touches, and that's what you'll find at the Chancellor. Yes, the rooms are small. That makes them cozy and sweet. Most of them have a gigantic closet to store your things which more than makes up for their compactness. Staying here actually makes you FEEL like you're in San Francisco. Add to that the sounds of the City floating through your room and you have a complete San Francisco experience.I can't believe someone complained about the Chancellor's decor in another review. Clearly that person should have stayed at a giant no-personality chain hotel. The Chancellor's decor is old school SAN FRANCISCO, which is what makes it so wonderful. It's also hard to believe someone would complain that they have to sign and initial the check in form! Being a hotel owner myself, I realize the need to point things out to people personally and to actually ask that they initial something to confirm they've read the point in question. Plain and simple, all of those items are important, and many people just don't take the time to read details. To the hotel, it's good business practice. To the guest, it takes an extra 3 or 4 seconds, if that. The kind of person who would take offense at that probably should have just stayed home. My husband and I have been coming to this hotel for almost two years. In that time, the faces at the hotel haven't changed a bit -- we see the entire staff time and time again. To me, that's the sign of a great establishment: essentially no staff turnover. They have always been courteous and friendly and ready to help with any request given them. We love the breakfasts in the restaurant and believe it is probably the best breakfast in the City. And the hotel prices are fabulous compared to other hotels in San Francisco. I personally can't believe they didn't win a 2008 Travelers' Choice Award this year, after having won one in the past (for Best Bargain), but then it appears that many hotels that have won awards in the past didn't win them this year. They will always be THIS traveler's choice.Keep up the great work, Chancellor. You're doing everything right. I'm here at the hotel now and will be back again in a week. See you guys again then. ","annotations":[]}