{"text":"Amazing for R My husband, 18-month-old daughter, and I stayed at the Melia April 25 - May 2 and had the opportunity to experience both Royal Service and non-RS (because the first night we wanted to be there had no RS rooms available). And since we relied on so many comments before us to inform our vacation, here I am to help you!We had a truly wonderful RR at this resort. The most important thing is that you make the vacation what you want to. Yes, there were a few moments of frustration (language barrier was hard for my husband...I speak enough to get by, but I wasn't with him at the golf course!), but it's not enough to ruin a vacation. The golden rule exists no matter where you are in the world: be nice to others and they'll be nice to you. Yes, $$ tips helped immensely, but even a friendly smile and an hola to anyone you pass will yield pleasantries and friendly service in return.The grounds are stunning -- beautifully manicured and well-kept around the clock, which was evident after rain spurts nearly every day (including one night with high winds that knocked down palm leaves...they were cleaned up within a day). We -- especially our daughter -- loved seeing the pink flamingos and especially the peacocks that had no fear coming up to us and yet were very tame.Our non-RS room was spacious and clean...closer to the restaurants. We would have been perfectly happy staying there all week. Our RS room was much better suited for our need for -- ahem -- evening privacy while our daughter slept. And 'ditto' on the main complaint about the mattresses...I have recurring back trouble, and these didn't help...don't forget your advil.As for whether or not to decide on RS, we say go for it. The RS rooms all surround the pool, and since there are fewer RS rooms than non, there are fewer people at the pool and in the Gabi restaurant than what you'll find at the main pool and Marketplace restaurant. Thus a much more quiet and relaxing setting. The other main pool (for non-RS) was very big and had a lot of people...and was much noisier. But the non-RS pool was closer to the beach, which is the downside of the RS pool and rooms being further away.Which brings me to the next point -- get out and walk!! It's good for you! Just because you're on vacation doesn't mean a little exercise wouldn't do you good. We loved our walks around the 'campus' and down to the beach. But yes, our daughter loved the choo-choo, and it's an extremely convenient and available mode of transport to get from rooms to restaurants to beach\/pool. For RS, the golf carts are readily available to take you anywhere.The food was so-so, which helped prevent us from over-eating. My husband loved the grilled chicken at the RS poolside grill. The Gabi restaurant was just okay. The marketplace was good. The Japanese hibachi was good, but not as good as hibachi restaurants we go to at home. The Mexican restaurant was my husband's favorite dinner, the Thai fusion was mine. The french was good too. (But notice I didn't say great\/amazing.)The most important reason we chose this resort was its kid and family friendliness...and that it was! Our daughter did not do any organized activities, but it was just so nice to go into the restaurants and not have to worry about what to feed her or how other customers would react to her buoyant personality (and her meltdown one evening). All restaurants have childrens' menus and food is served to them very quickly. The crib was in our room in no time and the staff warmed to her smiles quickly.Okay...enough out of me. We highly recommend it, but go see for yourself. Keep an open mind, be nice to others, and remember...you're on vacation in a beautiful and sunny foreign land! ","annotations":[]}