{"text":"Good Resort We got a deal through Red Tag and flew on Air Transat 578. The seating was sardine can style and they hadn't cleaned the washroom even though we left an hour late because the septic truck broke down. The trip to the hotel went smoothly and check in took about 20 minutes for about 15 people. They seemed well organized.We got room 423, second building from the ocean, overlooking the pool. It's a room I'd pick. The room was large enough for a couch, chair and small table. It was clean, the airconditioning was on during the day and the fridge was well stocked. The bed was large and comfortable. The shower and toilet were on one side of the hallway, and a very large tub, sink and closet on the other. The shower curtain was too small and the floor got pretty wet after every shower. The room was cleaned well everyday.The beach and pool are great. The water at the beach is shallow except at one end. It's good for kids but not so great for adults. Service at the pool bar is quick and friendly. You have to reserve chairs under umbrellas by 7:30 or they're all gone.The main buffet is huge with a great variety of foods. There are four alacarte restaurants. We thought the Parisian had the best food, but started at the Japanese restaurant. You eat at a table with 8 other people there and get to know a few other couples to chat with at the resort.The main bar has slower service but they pour huge shots. They serve mainly Normandy liquor which is not the best. You can get some other name brands like Baileys or J B if you ask for it.The animation team tries to keep things going during the day. The music is not too loud or obtrusive. The shows are ... well, there are four languages spoken at the resort so everything has to be repeated four times. The dancers were pretty good.We took a cab to Higuey with four other couples and walked around the market there. It's a great look at a third world market and the prices are cheaper too. The food market is not for the faint of heart.Check out and the trip to the airport went smoothly. The trip home was on time. For some reason the male flight attendant was a bit rude. I don't know, maybe they were just tired.I'd go to this hotel again. It's a good bet. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1528,"mention":"Baileys","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Baileys_Irish_Cream"],"startOffset":1521}]}