{"text":"Lovely stay at the Grand Hyatt Berlin We're just back from a lovely weekend at this hotel. We booked the L'Amour package so we got BB plus champagne and strawberries on arrival (even though we checked in at 10.30pm). It's well worth getting one of their packages even if it's just to get the breakfast included in the price. The Hyatt breakfast was very good and we had it in our room each morning at no extra cost. The staff were all very friendly and helpful without being too forward. We got room service the first night. There wasn't much choice for vegetarians so I opted for spaghetti with sauce, which was quite boring. Luckily I also ordered a rocket salad which was very good. My partner got salmon and roast vegetables which he really enjoyed. The room itself (Grand King) was comfortable although not very big. The bed was very nice and it was possible to order extra pillows and bedding if required. We were happy with it as it was. There was a flat screen TV (Bang  Olufsen). There were also speakers in the ceiling of the bathroom which was cool. You could lie in the bath and listen to your tunes or watch TV as there was also a smaller flat screen TV in the bathroom. There's a connector cable provided so it's possible to plug your MP3 player or laptop into the system. My only complaint was that the bathroom had sliding doors. One opened directly beside the bed. None of the sliding doors sealed very well which meant there was very little privacy when you used the toilet etc.. The spa was very nice. It wasn't too busy so we had an enjoyable swim etc.. Wireless internet cost 50 cent per minute with a maximum charge of √à√\u2020√ü?8 for a 24 hour period.The location of the hotel is very good. It was clean and to a good standard. The only downside for me was that the bathroom didn't feel like a separate room. Overall we had a lovely time there and we would happily go there again. If you are going, look for a package which includes breakfast, it's well worth the little extra. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":590,"mention":"spaghetti","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Spaghetti"],"startOffset":581}]}