{"text":"Riu Taino a very nice holiday I just arrived home from the Riu Taino yesterday and had a wonderful time. I'd like to address some of the things I read in past reviews about this hotel. The rooms are a little dated so I wouldn't call this a 5 star but the slightly shabby rooms did not affect my holiday one bit. They are very clean and the staff at this hotel are constantly working to make it nice. We had face clothes in our rooms as well as pillow slips. The beds are firm but they are the same as any other Carribean resort that I've been to. There is no bottled water in the resort except to buy at the gift shop but the gallon jugs they provided suited me just fine for teeth brushing. Any time I ran out of anything in the room such as pop, beer or towels I called reception and they were at my room within 10 minutes. The grounds are wonderful and the beach is spectacular. The food was plentiful and I was always able to find a wide variety of things to eat. Like in all foreign countries they try very hard to make the food to our standard but it always had a Dominican twist to it. It's true that they put corn and weiners on pizza but they also had many other varieties so you didn't have to choose it if you didn't wish to. We had no problems with bugs or flies at any time on the resort or near the food. The staff was very helpful and the Animacion team worked very hard to entertain. The pools were also very nice and never in my time there did I smell sewage by the pool bar as had been reported. We had one day of rain and while walking around we could smell sewage but that's all part and parcel of going to a country that doesn't have the same level of sewers systems that we are used to here in North America. The one complaint that I have is that they will not let you change your wet beach towel in for a dry one on the same day. One towel per person per day is the allotment. To get around this we simply had one person take the towel back and obtain the card and sent another of our party to retrieve a new towel. All in all I have tosay that my holiday was a success and worth the money spent. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1142,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":1137}]}