{"text":"Convenient location, and interesting light switches! We stayed at Hosteria Grau for just one night in March, as we wanted somewhere close to Placa Cataluyna, where we were arriving in the evening. The direction instructions given on their website were easy to follow and we arrived at the hostel where they have a 24 hour reception (I believe). The staff were really helpful, especially as my suitcase didn't arrive at the airport, and they were really helpful in phoning the airport for me to check on its progress. The hostel\/hotel (not really sure what it is!!) was like an oasis, very homely and inviting, and very clean. There is no lift. The room we had was very clean and looked like it had recently been refurbished. I was impressed with the very clear signs for fire escape, the sprinkler system, and the interesting light switches! It just seemed to be very well run and maintained. (I believe it is a family run place). There is a deposit box in the room which you can use for a few euros a day, but we didn't have a need to use it. The room had a lovely ensuite bathroom with all the bits and pieces you would expect, including towels. Soft drinks are available to buy from reception. The room we stayed in overlooked the street below, and yes you will hear noise at night, not from traffic, but from people who are out late (its a 24 hour place!), but to be honest, you are going to get that at EVERY place you stay at, unless you pay for an expensive hotel with double glazing. but after a while you get used to the hussle and bussle of the city, and its never quiet anywhere! So I would recommend staying here, the rates are extremely reasonable for what you get, and especially as it is very close to Placa Cataluyna, which is where most people arrive on the airport bus. The streets around it aren't the most attractive, and most places are shuttered up at night, but we didn't have any problem. On the first floor there is a communal sitting area, with free internet access, limited to half an hour so that everyone can get a chance to use it. Apparently you can get breakfast at the adjoining bar (pay separately), but it is closed on a sunday, which is when we were there, so we wandered down the street and found somewhere to get coffee and a snack. but in barcelona you are never far from somewhere to eat! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2257,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2251}]}