{"text":"Charming hotel and a great 2* choice I booked the Hotel Langlois following the favourable reviews from Trip Advisor and I was not disappointed. For a 2 star hotel, the service and room were very pleasant indeed. On checking in, I was given the key to room 23 and took the elevator to the 2nd floor with a heavy case. (Tip - remember to close the interior elevator door on entering and leaving!). The room was a double, facing towards the Rue Sainte-Lazare. The bed was very large and two square pillows were provided, as well as a long bolster-style pillow (which I didn't find terribly comfortable but perhaps others will!).The room comprised a double mirrored-wardrobe, television, small refridgerator, three wicker chairs, a guest table, two bedside tables. In one corner was a marble fire-surround\/radiator grill upon which sat a marble bust in front of a large mirror. The room was also air-conditioned (optional, and controllable in the room), and had a small balcony\/French windows looking into the street. The bathroom was compact and not terribly well-lit, but had a hair-dryer, shower\/bath, toilet, sink and shaver point next to a mirror. The housekeeping at the hotel was not intrusive but the rooms were well-maintained. The staff at the reception desk were helpful and friendly throughout my stay from the 18th-24th October. I did not take breakfast in the hotel as several other options were available nearby, including a patisserie on the same street. The location of the hotel was good for sightseeing, given the proximity to the Metro line 12 station Trinite and also the Gare St Lazare for other lines, including that to Versailles. My one (very small) negative comment is that although the hotel has one computer terminal with internet access in the breakfast room, I would have appreciated free wifi in the rooms, and would have probably paid a little more for the room, was the service available.I would recommend the Hotel Langlois for those sightseeing in Paris and the standard of the rooms for a 2-star hotel exceeded my expectations. I would return to the hotel for another stay, especially if wifi access could be provided! ","annotations":[]}