{"text":"A cool place to recover from jetlag The good: This property is architecturally gorgeous and well-designed, with a fabolous pool surrounded by day-beds and perfectly placed for a sneek view of the ocean that is some distance away. The rooms are equally-well designed and comfortable, with an adequate seating area and beautiful bathrooms. The staff are quite friendly, and do go out of their way to assist you. The Bad:That said, our experience at the Bale fell short of what one would expect of a property with a high-price tag. Although service was generally excellent, there were some shortcomings in this area. Check-in was adequate, but ithe hotel failed to adequately explain the complex controls in the room to us. Check-out was especially challenging and unpleasant. Although a car was waiting to transport us, our luggage was in fact held hostage in the room until the hotel was certain that our bill had been paid. This simply delayed our preparartions for departing. Breakfast was excellent; dinner above-average, but lunch merely marginal at best.One would expect that the hotel would (as other hotels of this caliber in Bali do so)provide bottled water for free whether in the room or dining with the hotel, as most hotels do not have potable water. Being charged $5.00 US for a bottle of Aqua simply becuase you request it with lunch is ridiculous. That's gouging the guest for a little extra money.The Ugly:There were problems with the airconditioning and ceiling fan. When we moved into a new room our second night, which had already been reserved in a different, lower price category, the new room had multiple problems, from a sink that obviously leaked (with a towel placed under the sink to catch the dripping water!!), a toilet that ran all night, and a resident frog in our room, which defied our attempts to move it outside our quarters while we tried to sleep.)Although the hotel clearly knew about some of the problems with the new room before it moved us into it, instead of informing us of them, it tried to upsell us into another room at a higher price!! Indeed, when brought these problems o the attention of the rooms manager at the time of check-out, we were informed that the hotel had planned to take this room out of service because of the problems with it. This did not sit with us well. The hotel did not offer anything to address these issues other than a smile. We were not smiling when we left.. ","annotations":[]}