{"text":"Friendly and Clean This place was above average and although some rooms were better than others, I'm not so sure I would call it a 5 star resort but you're not likely to be disappointed. It was definitely very clean and the grounds including swimming pools and beach area were outstanding. No problems getting loungers either. The restaurants were all satisfactory to above average depending on your tastes and expectations but the reservation process is a bit of a pain. You can reserve two ways but both are by phone. Same day reservations must be done between 9am and 5pm and you are to call the reservation hotline ext 6313. Do it early if you are after the Japanese restaurant. You can only book ONE day in advance and that can only be done the day before but after 5pm and before 9pm. If the resort is busy, the more popular restaurants will book fast. Royal Service guests need not worry about this. There are tables put aside for RS guests. The most favourable compliment I can gove this location is the friendliness of all the staff and their desire to help you during your stay. Take plenty of ones...they deserve it. Nightly entertainment is okay. There is usually some live entertainment somewhere at the two lobby bars and then the disco and casino are available afterwards.One thing to have a heads up about is the Punta Cana Airport. If you depart from Punta Cana on a Thursday, Friday or SATURDAY be sure to give yourself plenty of time. Typically guest services will advise you to leave for the airport 3 hours in advance. On busy days, you'll need it. Airport security PHYSICALLY inspects all luggage right in front of you (and everyone else) so be careful what you pack and be sure to check your modesty at the entrance to the airport because they may be a lot of things but discreet isn't one of them.This is my second visit to this country and the Dominican people are as friendly and considerate as ever. I wouldn't hesitate returning to this country or this resort in the future but I would definitely avoid prime arrival and departure days and times to avoid the airport madness.. ","annotations":[]}