{"text":"The official hotel of pimps  What do you say about a hotel whose area dining options are a Subway restaurant and a Mc Donald's that isn't even open after 1 am? The area is teeming with check cashing places, used car lots, hourly rate hotels, and adult entertainment stores plus lots of Korean marquee shops that seem to be shuttered after dark. The friendly taxi driver even asked me if I really wanted to stay there  told me not to explore the neighbourhood after dark... I am starting to think my company's travel agent really has a sick sense of humour booking me here.First impressions of the hotel: the desk clerk is busy arranging the cash drawer which has about $50 in singles for 10 minutes before checking me in at 1 am in the morning (thanks to LAX making my plane loop the airport for an hour). Two dudes that could only be politely described as ripe smelling, low rent pimps were checking in after me causing the desk clerk to quicken his pace luckily. Finally after getting my room keys for my third floor room, I take the elevator up only to be greeted with that unmistakable aroma of bug bomb in the hallway.My room description. After inspecting the closet in which I had to put the closet doors back in their tracks, I notice two rather large horse flies that have infiltrated my room through the air-con vents. I handily kill them with the phone book on the desk (did I mention that the prominent ad on the cover was for bail bonds?). I leave a light on after seeing other reports on line of roaches at this hotel. The sink situated outside of the bathroom proper is clean. The bathroom proper consists of a clean toilet, stocked toiletries, and a tub with shower so small and narrow that they had to install one of those curved shower curtains in order to preserve the illusion of a normal size tub basin.The beds are spartan hard, the bedding looks like it has seen some high mileage and its better days are far behind them. The TV gets only about 10 channels. The microwave and refrigerator I do not dare use because only God knows what they were used for by the last occupant. The furniture has the light wear of Sanford  Son merchandise.The free wireless internet does not even need a hotel provided password, so actually burning the furniture and sending smoke signals to the outside world would be a faster way to communicate as probably half the neighbourhood is probably using this hotel's wi-fi as judged by its one bar signal strength and burning fast 30 Kb\/s connect rate. Avoid this hotel at all costs. For what this room cost my company, I could have stayed at a much better hotel in a safer area. ","annotations":[]}