{"text":"Brief, but very enjoyable! I'll add my thumbs up regarding the Hotel Alessandra in Firenze - as we were approaching Florence after a long day of driving and sightseeing in the area without a place to stay, we checked our trusty Rick Steves guide to Italy 2008. After many no, I'm sorry, we are booked this evenings, I finally got a cheery, Yes, we have a room for you! from Monty (I believe that was his name - apologies if not), at the Hotel Alessandra. Although it was a BIT of an effort to locate the hotel (we were driving - NOT the easiest thing to do in the narrow laneways of Florence), we eventually found it. Although I wasn't quite prepared to hoist our luggage up a few flights of stairs before finally reaching the elevator, adrenaline kicked in, and up, up, up I went! (It was either me or my boyfriend who had to stay with the car, which was literally parked temporarily on the sidewalk, and I don't drive standard -- so I was elected to haul the luggage up!) When I finally did reach the reception area however, (on the 4th level, I believe) all my work was well worth it, as Monty greeted me with abundant hospitality, showed me to our room, and flung open the shuttered window to our spacious and clean room overlooking the Arno River at sunset! Perfect! As he put it, It's the honeymoon suite, madam! Just for you! I must put in a good word for the bathroom facilities alone - as my boyfriend put it, we could have just slept in the bathroom! It was HUGE, clean, with every possible convenience. Although our stay here was short, it was nonetheless sweet - this is a well appointed and elegant hotel, with old world charm, excellent service, and breakfast included in a charming dining area -- all for a reasonable price, considering how centrally located this hotel is to most of Florence's hot spots. We were sorry to have leave not only this beautiful city, but the hospitality bestowed upon us by the staff here. Should we be fortunate enough to return to Florence someday, we would not hesitate to book a return stay (in advance this time!) at the Hotel Alessandra. ","annotations":[]}