{"text":"I really like this hotel The Sofitel is my favorite hotel to stay at in New York whether for business or pleasure. There are surely fancier and more expensive hotels at tonier addresses, but the Sofitel is certainly no slouch. And it is consistently quiet, comfortable, and convenient. Last weekend, I stayed at the Sofitel for the first time ifor pleasure with my wife. I had stayed their previously for business probably 10 times over the last 3 years. The lobby at the Sofitel is small and luxurious. You get the feel of a small hotel although the Sofitel is actually quite large. When I arrived last Friday it was bustling a little more than I remembered but was still relatively quiet. When I checked in at the desk, I was informed my room was on the third floor, which I somewhat expected given the price and category I paid for. When I asked if there was another room on another floor, I was told there was not one in the same category. That did not suprise me because I already knew the hotel was sold out. But what did suprise me was that I was offered a suite for a $100 upgrade on a high floor.Our suite was beautiful with an excellent view of the city. The bedroom and bathroom were virtually identical to a deluxe king room (I had booked a queen room) but you had the addition of a separate sitting room with a large flatscreen tv and desk. As usual the service at the hotel was attentive but understated. We used the concierge several times and they were always helpful. I thought the staff was very friendly. The only meal we ate at the hotel this trip was a quick early dinner one night on the way back to the airport. I had no complaints with the service or food. I have always found the restaurant in the hotel to be a step above most hotel restaurants.We did go to the Red Flame diner down the street for breakfast one morning. It was fine, nothing to write home about. It is a good cheap diner. We also went down the street to one of my favorite sushi restaurants, Sush Zen. Really exceptional sushi and sashimi, and less than two blocks from the Sofitel. Sit at the sushi bar. Very expensive, but worth it. You should be aware that for reasons I don't understand (or maybe I do) they don't air condition the hallways in the guest room floors. In the heat of the summer that can create some concern as you are taking the short walk from the elevators to your room. But don't worry, the guest rooms and lobby stay plenty cool. I had been telling my wife about the Sofitel for some time. I think after this trip she understands why I prefer to stay there over some other high end hotels. It is simply comfortable and you can't beat the convenience. ","annotations":[]}