{"text":"Exactly what I wanted! My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel from August 7-8, 2007 (sorry for the delayed review, but I couldn't let this hotel go without my praise!) for his birthday. I bought tickets for two Giant's games and wanted to find the perfect little hotel for us to stay in. Location: I've been to San Fran many times before, and I love Union Square... so, this hotel couldn't be more perfectly located. Right on Union Square with a Cable Car stop right out the front door, with very easy access to public transportation (we bought a 3 day muni pass for $18 dollars, a great deal because PT in this city is very convenient), and LOADS of shopping nearby. Cost: I wanted to go on the cheaper side for hotel cost, since I had just spent a bunch on baseball tickets, so you really cant beat the price at the Chancellor. I did a ton of research on TripAdvisor and other hotel websites, and I knew that this was the place to stay. I got a great rate of around $100 per night, and I had origianlly only booked one night at first. After arriving at the hotel we realized that we had found a true gem and we immediately called the front desk to see if they could accomodate us for another night. The front desk was more than helpful in extending our stay and also made sure we wouldn't have to move our stuff into another room the next day. Simply flawless and friendly service. Room:I requested a room that was on a higher floor, newly renovated and facing union square. When we checked in we got a corner room on the ninth floor overlooking union square. Perfect. Bed was very comfortable, bathroom was small but very functional. This is an older building so it has it's quirks and imperfections, but that all adds to the charm... so just keep that in mind. From reading past reviews, it seems that they are very good at accomodating every guest's requests... but I'm sure that there will be times when people's requests can't be met, but thats just how it goes. This hotel really goes out of its way to make their guests happy, so no one should let a little thing like tat ruin their stay. Service:Again, the service here is fantastic. The woman at the front desk was so nice and helpful, and make checking in a total breeze (we even arrived several hours before normal check in time, but this didn't seem to be a problem in our case). The bartender was also quite friendly and mixed some good drinks. Overall, you get great value for the money you pay. In a city like SF you can expect to pay tons of money at any hotel, so paying the rate you pay at the Chancellor, its almost like robbery! Simply cannot say enough good things about his hotel. So if you know what you are looking for: a smaller hotel, great location, charm and quirks, with great service, you shouldn't look any further than the Chancellor. ","annotations":[]}