{"text":"WHAT A FIND!!!!!!!!!! Our family spent the week of Christmas here and we had a wonderful time!!! We've stayed at the Westin Rio Mar near the rain forest side of the island and also the Ritz Carlton in San Juan another time. We enjoyed ourselves just as much at the Embassy Suites Dorado and at half the price!!! The staff was wonderful and they worked so hard to accomodate you. Every morning there is a buffet breakfast with a chef who will make whatever omelet you want and this is included in your room rate. They offer complimentary happy hour each night from 5:30 to 7:30 with great beer and wine and the bartenders couldn't have been nicer, especially Jose!!!The rooms were just fine, nothing too grand but also nothing to complain about. Most importantly, our king bed wa very comfortable and our 10 yr old daughter said her pullout queen bed was also very comfortable. Each room has seperate bedroom and living room w\/pullout and a fridge and microwave. Although we never used our room except to sleep, shower and change. There is a good golf course right on the property and the most beautiful course 5 mins. down the road at the Dorado Beach club that is open to the public to use.The pool is wonderful and the property grounds are beautiful with palm trees and manicured shrubs all around. The beach is small but great for swimming as the water is very calm due to the jetty that is very far out. Food was simply ok, except breakfast which was great. However, there are so many resteraunts around the area that it didn't matter. Definitely rent a car. All in all we would absolutely come back again. If it is a Spa and being waited on hand and foot then this is not the hotel for you. If it is a beautiful relaxing vacation and having to go get your drinks rather than being served them you will love it here. Never crowded and never had a problem finding a chair!!!Also, you get an hour of tennis court time free each day included in your room rate. We paid $56 over at the Westin. ","annotations":[]}