{"text":"Excellent Hotel - Tranquility in the madness of Ramblas We have just returned from 3 nights in the 1898 celebrating my 40th Birthday. Being No1 on trip advisor was the reason we booked this hotel. We read the very few negatives on here and this is what i think. You will always get people who are never satisfied with anything, you know the type. they are at the reception desks screaming at the staff about the slightest issue, no wonder then they get nothing sorted because lets face it, no place or event in the world is perfect and i suppose the true test of a hotel is how they react when things go slightly wrong because hey this is the reality of every day life. So firstly we got to our room, great room but right outside the elevator, based on previous comments i didnt want to settle in the room and find i could hear the elevators through the night (im a light sleeper) so we went down to reception straight away and explained.(by the way they have removed the lift bell on those floors now anyway) we got a better room issued immediately ! Result ! But you know what, if you speak politely without attitude and explain the issue, 99 times out 100, you get it sorted, and thats the point about the negatives reviews here. Next we ordered some bollinger off the menu at 80 euro's, good price i thought, when we got the bill it had 130 euro's on it, on checking the menu i had been given an old menu, no problem sir the correct price is actually 130 euro which i have to charge you but what i will give you is free drinks for the rest of the night !!!(we drunk easily more than twice the diff)- result No 2. Next morning we ordered 2 types of breakfast, they only brought one, on ringing the kitchen they apologised and the other was with us within 3 mins - result no 3. The reception were very helpful with ordering taxis( you cant be charged double going to the airport because they are all on meters NB previous review) and booking restaurants, in fact they got us into a restaurant that was full because they regularly send customers there. We didnt really do any site seeing, it was relax in the sun, wine and dine break and the hotel is perfect for that. The Ramblas outside the hotel is madness in august, it is so busy, so when you step back into the hotel it is like an Oasis of calm and tranquility, and for the previous comment about the bar been quite - what do you want when you have been in crowds of people all day ! certainly not queueing with hoards of noisy people at the bar. If your looking for the better bars and restaurants then turn left has you come out the hotel onto the Ramblas and walk couple of 100 yards up, this way you get away from all the tourists coming off the boats and getting trapped in the Ramblas restaurants which are poor food\/high prices. 2 places were excellent, a traditional tapas bar called Alfonso for lunch and theTralaguz restaurant for a big night meal. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2837,"mention":"tapas","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tapas"],"startOffset":2832}]}