{"text":"Loved the room and the location~but be aware of a potential problem This was my second trip to Excellence Hotel and as usual the road to the property was long and bumpy. It is approximately an hour from the Punta Cana airport. However, the location of the hotel is absolutely beautiful. The beach and the property itself are maintained beautifully. Even after the rain they strive to clean up any standing water and pick up trash constantly. The restaurants are excellent and the disco and the bars were GREAT! If you enjoy a drink with your vacation, be aware that they have PREMIUM alcohol available. You will actually recognize the name of the alcohol that they use. This is not your usual all inclusive with the same old buffet every meal and whatever well-liquor that they have on hand. Julio in entertainment was particularly attentive with my boyfriend and I on this trip and really made a great impression on us. I suggest taking the time to get to know the people in the entertainment department. Get involved! I think it will make your trip better. Unfortunately, we were very disappointed and quite insulted by the behavior of one of the administrators of the hotel. His name is Miguel Montanel. We had an incident that turned out to be quite disturbing. One night we were having a party on our terrace with some friends that we met at the hotel. Earlier we had called maintenence because the toilet kept running after it was flushed. Maintenence came to fix that and a light bulb while we were having a party with our new friends. Well, security must have misconstrued something, because suddenly we were being accused of supplying alcohol to their empolyees which DID NOT happen (and by the way it took a second trip by maintenence to finally get the toilet fixed). My boyfriend was told by Miguel Montanel that he was not welcome back at the hotel EVER. Whatever misinformation Mr Montanel had, we were never even given the benefit of the doubt. I don't know what is going on with Mr Montanel, but maybe he should consider discussing a problem like this first with his employees because obviously he did not. Perhaps Mr Montanel believes that our money does not spend the same as others, because my boyfriend had worked at the hotel in the past and Mr Montanel feels that he has some superiority, where he does not! Perhaps his superiors need to advise him in respect, curtesy, and tact with paying guests. I have never been so insulted in my life and if I never meet Mr Montanel it will be fine with me. I will never return to this hotel. And if you are considering going, be warned, do not call maintenence into your room when alcohol is present, as you may also find yourself in the same debasing predicament we found ourselves in. Apparently, this person feels he can be your judge and jury, without a chance to even defend yourself! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":583,"mention":"PREMIUM","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":576},{"endOffset":583,"mention":"PREMIUM","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Premium-Cola"],"startOffset":576}]}