{"text":"Don't let the bad reviews scare you!!!!If hesitating.....READ THIS REVIEW My husband and I were here on Feb. 15th for 4 days. We LOVE to travel, and this was our first trip to Punta Cana (visited Riviera Maya, Cancun, Cabo San Lucas in the past 2 years). We always look for high end resorts that offer luxury and service. We were not let down. We went back and forth between Excellence, Riu and Iberostar Bavaro Beach, and ended up with Excellence due to it being adults only. Since our kids were not with us, we wanted the quiet adult life while we were without them. We heard from our travel agent that Riu was still working out lots of bugs being new. We have stayed at Riu's before and are familiar with them. This was a MUCH nicer resort for a few reasons.....food and drinks, and service!!! The grounds were also amazing. Natural surroundings filled with fish, turtles and plantlife. Everywhere you walk through the resort is water and bridges. I think the beach would be beautiful anywhere in Punta Cana. This resort was beautiful!! We hesitated after reading the reviews, due to the age of the resort. The rooms were gorgeous. The beach was beautiful. The food and drinks were excellent. Our favorites were Mexican (Agave), the French Restaurant-(Chateau Briand was so good) and The Grill (Filet was great!). Our room was on the top floor of the second building with an ocean view. Top floor rooms have cathedral ceilings, which was nice. This is the kind of place to go and just veg! The beach was gorgeous! Thick palm groves on both ends of the resort, with a beautiful long beach between. We had Coco Loco's (served in coconuts) brought to us on the beach. If you take the less- lazy route and walk up to the bar, you can watch them make your drink. They chop the top of the coconut off and use fresh coconut milk for the drink, mix it up with some rum and serve it in the same coconut. YUMMY!!!! Pretty nice for an all inclusive. Another good drink, if you like mojito's, get a cae perrina (sp?)(pronounced ki-perriniah). We talked to several guests at the resort, and all of them said they used trip advisor. All the people we talked to agreed that the resort was 5 star worthy and were wondering what all the complaints were about, as we did not agree. I promised myself I would put a review out there, hoping to help people like us. Another little tip...you can pay $5 a day for a cell phone to call back to the U.S. Then you buy this card they program into the phone for you. 20 minutes costs $10, which was good for us to call and check on our kids. This was a nice touch as phone cards are a pain. I hope this helps......If I had to report any negatives..........the beds were not the most comfortable, and our screen was kinda hard to open. (salt air, I guess) If you want a palappa, reserve it with a towel before breakfast. There are plenty of loungers and tons os space on the beach, but the palappas did go quick. We would go back here FOR SURE!!!! Oh yeah....pizza was really good too! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2582,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2578}]}