{"text":"Great Location and Value We stayed at the Hotel Catedral Dec 23\/04 for 7 nights. Location off the Zocalo is very good, also close to the Metro. Just behind the Great Cathedral. Like in any European City - Mex City in the Old City Centre rolls up the shutters for the night - so the area has a deserted look until daybreak when all hell breaks lose. The street the Catedral is on looks deserted at night - but it is safe - AS IS MEXICO CITY! Any large city can be dangerous - even mine - so keep your head up just like we all do at home. You would not think it is the same place. Hotel itself is six or seven floors, elevator, good condition - clean rooms etc. Equivalent to any *** in USA or Canada. Price is likely the best you can find - and I spent days and days web searching. Restaurant in hotel is good - breakfast in particular. Here is a great tip: around the corner exactly behind the Mexico Cathedral is a Hostel - and they run tours at 1\/2 to 1\/3 cost of others in NEW vans. My friend and I booked ours to Toteotihuacan for 190 Pesos each including lunch. Our new van had 8-9 people, a driver and guide - and was great. You can not travel to Toteotihuacan by metro and then connecting local bus cheaper, faster or more safely - without getting lost - (and I am a world traveller!). Time is everything - and once at the pyramids - your sandwich and water are a great time saver etc.The Zocalo location is great for being in the old area - perhaps Zona Rosa or Central area off Reforma would be better for those that want to walk at night and be in the big city. Depends what you came for and how you manage your time. We were out all day and into the evening - and rarely returned from our days of sightseeing and dinners until late. While there are some late night clubs etc in the historic area - they are few and far between - so taking a cab is best. As we were 2 guys - we walked everywhere safely and not ONCE did we feel threatened or did anyone say, approach or intimidate us. Police are everywhere on most major street corners.Watch the Zona Rosa or Pink Zone - day or night - as it is full of con artists who want to strike up any conversation and lull you into a sense of security while they contemplate how to manage you...just like cons\/gypsies or thieves in Europe or elsewhere. In the Zona Rosa this was women and men - in pairs - working on unsuspecting and trustworthy tourists. Just say NO GRACIAS - firmly and move on quickly.To see old Mexico City at its best - the Zocalo and Hotel Catedral are great - otherwise stay in the new area - particularly if you like highrise concrete and need this view to feel like your at home :) - better yet stay home - and look out your window.Enjoy Mexico City - we did and we will be back!!2 GuysEdmonton, Canada ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1354,"mention":"sandwich","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":1346}]}