{"text":"More good than bad... I stayed in this hotel for one week for business.There is a direct bus from Narita for 3000 yen. If you are tired from your trip, it's nice not to have to haul luggage through the train stations (the alternate way to get here). You just walk 20 ft outside and hop on the charter-style bus and in 1.5hrs it pulls up to the door of the hotel. The train is slightly faster but if you don't know what you are doing with respect to the trains you could end up talking longer.There's not much around the hotel, but a free shuttle runs you to a nearby Japan Rail station every 15 minutes, and there are a few nice restaurants around there. The concierge is superb: friendly, helpful, and patient. They have lots of custom printed info for you to help you navigate Tokyo (which can be tricky for new visitors.This hotel is dated. It feels like it's from the 70s. However, it was well built and appointed nicely, so it's not run down by any means. However, the gym is pathetic, so if exercise is important to you, you might be served better elsewhere (or plan on going to a separate gym). I am surprised they advertise having a gym at all... it is basically a couple of treadmill, some barbells, and a couple of dated looking machines. To add insult to injury, they charge you to use it!The staff is wonderful and seem to like their jobs. The bathrooms are well maintained but frankly they could use an overhaul. Linoleum floors are right out of the 70's! Included in your bathroom is a multi-function toilet seat... more an amusement than a necessity for westerners.TV offerings are slim, with only 2 or 3 English stations, but this might be the standard in Japan (not sure).The beds are super comfortable and there are several types of pillows on the bed, so you are sure to find one you like.Laundry service is outrageously priced but as I was on business it's a must. There's no safe in the room., but crime in Japan seems rare.Overall, I would stay here again, but I might be interested in something with a more interesting location. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":628,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":624}]}