{"text":"A little beauty Dates of Stay : Oct 30th - Nov. 2nd, 2006(2 nights).Part of a 7 - 8 week trip thru France and Italy.Reason for selection :1. Review on various internet sites - Good to excellent2. Family Run Business - Yes3. Major tour groups stay - No4. Location to main rail station - 800 metres but would not  know it5. Location to tourist sites - 5 - 10 minute walk6. Location to shops etc. - 1 - 10 minute walk7. Breakfast Included - Yes8. Rooms had hair dryer, bathroom - Yes9. Minimum of 3 stars - YesCheck In :After arriving from Siena by local train took about 5 minutes to find our way to Hotel Centrale(had a printout of a map from a web site). Located in a small street just off the main streets of Florence.Building has been renovated and there is a security entry system.Reception is upstairs so use elevator going up and an old beautiful marble stair case coming down.Staff extremely helpful and friendly. Reception area is clean and airy with windows allowing sun and light through them.this was 5 out of 5 small hotels we had been to so far where the reception area had a person who would speak very good English.Room :Quite large by European standards.Whole hotel has been renovated so room was clean, neat, well maintained and again airy with windows allowing sun and air through them.Interior design and decorations well done.Quiet even though a courtyard below us.Quite well sound proofed as did not hear much of any of the other guests walking around.Breakfast :Included in tariff.Extremely good for a continental breakfast. Staff member was good in catering our needs. Again the room had sunlight coming through.Location tourist areas.Absolutely perfect.All within 5 - 10 minute walk. Be aware the Uffizzi is not open on a Monday.Summary :Great family owned little hotel that had been drenovated to allow sun light and air into rooms even though it is located in a beautiful lane of Florence yet you are not far from the action of restaurants and tourist sites.It shows tthat one can enjoy a quality accommodation place without spending the big dollars. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1901,"mention":"lane","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Lane_cake"],"startOffset":1897}]}