{"text":"Fantastic, Relaxing All-Inclusive Week My husband, myself and a single friend (all late 20s) stayed in a Jr. Suite for one week in June of this year. We each have substantially different tastes and expectations and have traveled as a group together for several years. This resort really served all of us well. We all enjoyed the food -- we ate breakfast at the buffets, lunch at the pool snack bars (sometimes twice), and dinner at either the a la cartes or the buffet. We enjoyed the food each and every night. I am a vegetarian and there was plenty for me to eat. We were able to book four a la cartes upon check in, although our stay was only supposed to include three. We enjoyed the Mexican because of the tequila and the flaming coffees -- which looked better than they tasted! The Japanese was very good and the French was worth the experience although none of our favorites. The seafood was OK. We actually enjoyed the variety of the buffets just as much as the a la cartes. The drinks are quite good, too. I tried many of the cocktails of the day -- we loved the banana mama and the choco at the main pool bar. I had contacted the hotel ahead of our stay to say it was my husband's birthday and they left us tee shirts and a small bottle of rum. These were both unnecessary but much appreciated touches.I would recommend going to your scheduled orientation. There are helpful tips there. We traveled with Apple and Petra was very helpful for little ?s here and there. It was also very confusing and crowded at the airport for departure, but we found the Apple reps and they pointed us in the right direction. The staff were amazing -- if only all workplaces had such happy, courteous, and enthusiastic staff. Whether we tipped a couple bucks or not at all, we were always treated with respect. Our room was not the most luxurious room I've stayed in, but the maid did clean it thoroughly and it was certainly nice enough for the time we were in it -- to shower, sleep, and nap! The gym is small but sufficient if you are trying not to pack on the pounds from all of those delicious drinks. I also ran the property early in the morning. It was a nice run and I got to practice my conversational espanol as I passed by the employees as they reported to work. Speaking of, a few key phrases are well worth learning -- borrow a CD from the library -- it is much appreciated and a little fun to see how far you can go. I've never taken a formal Spanish class and I had staff ask if I was from Santo Domingo!The pools and beach were heavenly. One of the pools with a bar did get mirky and cloudy one day but it was cleared up by the following day. We never reserved beach or pool lounges and were always able to find three together somewhere. You can reserve the boating\/kayaking equipment. We did this a couple of days by scheduling for the following afternoon. We kayaked to the ship wreck, peddal boated, and took a catamaran. We did not do any excursions, but we heard that the dolphin encounter is a waste but the marina and jungle ATV are worthwhile. We did not experience any of the nightlife -- we were back to our room by 11ish every night. I would recommend taking some meds down with you just in case -- and of course a giant bottle of SPF. We did make use of the Pepto on a few occassions, but it was likely due to eating so much fruit and fruity drinks than anything else. We also used hydrogen peroxide to dip our toothbrushes and no one got sick.I would recommend this resort without hesitation -- if you are looking for a low key, relaxing beach\/pool week. There is no downtown to travel to, so if you are looking for somewhere you can experience the culture and travel into town daily, this is not for you. It was a great value! Even though we prefer to try out new locations, we have already discussed returning to this property in the future. It was a fantastic relaxing all-inclusive week. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1097,"mention":"choco","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":1092},{"endOffset":2158,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2154}]}