{"text":"Great Experience and would go back in a heart beat! This was my second time staying at this hotel and I would stay again in a heart beat. We were assigned to the 13th residence which is closest to the water (without a view) but far from the main dining hall (nice to avoid the night time noise and traffic). We went to the buffet for breakfast lunch and dinner most of the time. We attempted the steak house one night, were disappointed and went back to the buffet (which we loved). We attempted the pool bar, but again went back to the buffet. The variety of the food was fantastic and we were never diappointed with anything we tried. Service in the dining hall was so-so, but if you sat outside at night, it was wonderful..... it's a smoking section, but we weren't bothered by it. The beer is amazing!!! Always cold. If you are a wine person, you'll likely be disappointed (although we discovered a GEM on our last night there- a FANTATIC wine shop!!!! You take the free bus to the Real Plaza shops and it's located immediately to your right when you enter the outdoor plaza- it's a bar\/wine shop). We usually left singles for tips on the dining tables, but likely would save it for bartenders and chambermaids next time, because you never really knew who picked up the tip. The bar late at night can always make change for a 20.Internet is expensive and slow. Bringing your own laptop and using wireless is cheaper- if you need to do work.We experienced loss of power 3 times while we were there. Twice during the day (we were at the beach and didn't care). The third was later at night from 11pm- 1am. Again, we didn't care. There is the occassional sewer smell- it's a waff but never stays. We did not find this bothersome- in fact we giggled about it as it was between the residences of 11 and 12. It never made it to 13. The beach was fantastic. You can sunbathe, swim and hang out all day without being bothered. The security is always present keeping peddlers away from the tourists. A peddler comes through now and again. but brings little attention to themselves.This hotel was spotless. The attendants manicured 24\/7 from the beach to the rooms, everything was spotless. We did a couple of excursions, but most of the time spent the day on the beach, happy. A couple of hints: if you do not eat your weight in fruit at home, it is likely not a good idea to start on vacation. My boyfriend fell in love with the fresh fruit and lived to regret the copious amounts he ate in the first 4 days. We made coffee in our room every morning, we used the tap water and did not have a bad experience.....although I don't reccomend it. Bring A LOT of suntan lotion- it's expensive to buy it on the resort.Great time, well worth the money. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2519,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2513}]}