{"text":"great experience i just got back from the rio mar yesterday and miss the place. i spent one week (more than enough) with my family and had a great time. you have to rent a car to get to the attractions and to buy food. the company dollar had the cheapest prices so we rented from there. getting to the hotel is very easy from the airport because it is one main road..dont be afraid to ask for directions when you're lost! parking at the hotel is VERY expensive ($15 per day) checking into the hotel was very easy and the staff is friendly..request a mini fridge and microwave at front desk to stock up on food from the local supermarkets (amigos, walgreens, wal-mart)..food at the hotel is TOO expensive so drive a few miles on route 3 where there are many cheap resturants. you will find a wendys, burgerking, pizza hut and sizzler every 10 miles.the rooms are very well kept and you could request a king bed or two doubles. it has a great balcony with the view of mountains (cheaper) or the ocean, cable tv, comfortable beds, a coffee maker, mini bar (do not use-very expensive!!!!), a safe, ironing board, iron, bathroom, microwave and small fridge.the hotel grounds are very pretty and the beach is clean, with blue waters. there, you can swim, pick shells are get a tan. the pools are huge and are open 24 hours, so go at night because its less crowded. it also has a slide which is fun for all ages.puerto rico is mostly hills and it is amazing how the houses are built way ontop. you must go to the rain forest EL YUNQUE!!! driving up there is very scary though because you have to drive uphill in curves in a narrow road. when you get to the top you see a waterfall which you can swim in. then you have to walk up a trail for 30 minutes to reach a bigger waterfall which is great to swim in. carry rain ponchos, and lots of water. drive to Old san juan which looks very similar to spain. there you can shop, eat and visit old forts and cemetaries. the old fort is cool but i must warn you about the flies!!! there are billions that stick to your clothing so i dont advise going there! there is much more to see, but just being there is satisfying. you'll have a great time at the rio mar-4 stars. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1036,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1030}]}