{"text":"Everything you want from a city hotel This place is somewhat of a hidden gem - or at least that's the impression I got.It's in all the guide books etc but just appears totally unfussy and just what you need in SF; relaxing, friendly, comfy.The location gets some stick but I think it's perfect. Firstly, getting there from the airport is so easy. You can of course take a cab but I would advise anyone travelling light or in a small group to take the BART from the Intl Airport to Embarcedaro station (then just 5mins walk down the hill). It's a fraction of the cost and takes just as long as a taxi. It's also at the far end of the Embarcadero from Fisherman's Wharf - meaning there is amazing walk along the bay (passed some great sites: Coit Tower and the Alcatraz departure quay) to the tourist hell (but a must!) that is FW. It's also smack across the street from the Ferry Building. This is a gem - worth getting up early (courtesy of jetlag) and wondering over to for coffee from Peets - while watching the commuters come of the ferries. That has to be one the single most enjoyable things to do. The Ferry Building also has some the best restaurants in the area (Taylors\/Slanted Door) and of course the actual ferries to Tiburon etc. The hotel is at the bottom of the hill from SF proper (think Union Square, shops etc) but this is easy to solve via the cable car, street cars or a healthy walk up the hill (20mins?).So the actual hotel...is great. The rooms as large, super clean, soothing and quiet. There is some fuss made over the city and bay views. But to be honest how much time are you spending looking out of the window? We had a city view room - which actually meant staring at an empty office block. But if you want a view - they've got it. The bed was astonishingly comfy. The bathroom was stocked with Fresh toiletries which will forever evoke memories of SF. The only issue was with the bathroom door. A slider, with poor closure. So depending on who you are travelling with.....you may want to run the taps....The facilities aren't extensive, but just enough to sort on-line check in (business centre) and run a few miles (gym) - but shouldn't you be walking everywhere? The terraces are a huge asset, over looking the bay and Ferry Building. Although when we did sit out on them, security came up and asked if we were staying at the hotel - is that a good thing?The vibe the hotel tries to creates one of serenity and calm; all lavender aromas and earth tones. It totally works. And after a days of sightseeing, walking and burning the credit card...the minute you step into the lift playing soothing music and images....it's all miles away.The staff leave you alone - unless you need them. Which is the only way it should be.One note, the inhouse restaurant (Americano) gets crazy...it's a hot ticket in SF. So if you want a quiet meal, or drink on the patio - head over to the FB. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":981,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":975}]}