{"text":"Hotel Good, But Forget The Food... The Hotel itself was very good, as were the staff. Very clean and very friendly. People were always helpful and no request was ever to much trouble... However, on the other hand, it has to be said that the food, very much left a lot to be desired. Everything was based upon a buffet style. Nothing particularly wrong in that itself, except most of the stuff that we personally exeperienced on a daily basis consisted of apparently, rehashed, reheated same old, same old. When ever we would roll back the metal covers where the hot food was kept, we were invariably faced with a dried up, coagulated looking mass, which as time went on, we found increasingly unable to face. Mealtimes were never an experience we particularly looked forward to at the best of times, as items such as pastries, rolls and fresh fruit etc. were always covered over with cling film or netted covers, which were rarely replaced properly by guests, resulting in a congregating fly problem, some of which would become trapped beneath these covers rendering everything most unappetizing.Luckily we found that we had a great selection of good quality and varied local restaraunts to hand, either within adjoining hotels or independent ones within the local area, which it didn't take us long to discover, where we were able to enjoy some exceedingly good food at reasonable prices...On our return to the UK, both myself and my wife have come to the conclusion that after experiencing an all inclusive holiday such as this, we will certainly not be repeating the experience anytime soon. It seems to us that once the holiday Company have safely secured your money in a situation like this, then the quality of the food which they seem to accept as a decent standard to serve up to their guests, is of little or no concern to them at all. What was on the whole, a welcome stress free fortnight of relaxation, could, as far as we are concerned, been a far better experience had the food situation been of a much better and hygienic standard... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":825,"mention":"pastries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":817}]}