{"text":"An excellent hotel all-round in an excellent location Staying at the Intercontinental in Kowloon was everything and more than we thought it would be. A very impressive and spacious reception as you walk in - with excellent service to the point of the doors being opened for you from very smartly dressed and polite employees. As you walk in to the reception, the first thing you notice is the Lobby Lounge straight in front of you. With floor to ceiling windows, you are blown away by the view of Victoria Harbour and the Hong Kong skyline. This is amazing during the day but at nighttime when the lights come on, it is just unbelievable and very hard to describe. You have to see these views to believe them.Check in was very very quick and simple. We had a harbour view room, which when you walk in to the room, it's just amazing. A massive (practically floor to ceiling) window, with again the awesome view of the harbour and skyline greet you.Beds are big and very comfortable, with a desk in the room also if you are unfortunate enough to have to work while your there! We did some work in our room daily and it was more than comfortable with a quick Internet connection also.Bathrooms are very spacious with amazing sunken baths.If you like your exercise, we were more than impressed with the gym facilities here. Best hotel gym than I have ever seen. It is split in to two halves with cardio and weights in both and is open 24 hours a day and never seemed to get busy. The air-conditioning is excellent in there too, which I've found a problem in previous hotel gyms. You also get a towel and bottle of water upon arrival in there. Refreshments (ice cold water) and apples are also in the gym area for your taking, with very clean changing room and locker for your belongings.The best thing about this is that the gym is on the same floor as the outdoor swimming pool and the 3 outdoor spas. They were a major highlight of this hotel. The pool and terrace was great - very clean and the right size. The outdoor spa baths are like I've never seen before. They are over-looking Victoria Harbour and it's great anytime of the day (and especially evening) to sit in there with a drink and watch the world go by on the Avenue of Stars and Harbour below. The only downside is that the swimming pool and spa's close at 10pm at night. Personally, I would have liked them to be open until later as you just can't get enough of the view. The 3 pools are set to different heats... 1 warm, 1 hot and 1 bloody freezing! It's worth going in that one though... you can't stay in long but feel damn good afterwards!Tried the I-Spa once and had an Oriental Head Massage... was really good but didn't go to this place again only because there was so much to do in Hong Kong you don't want to be wasting time having treatments.The concierge's in the Hotel really know their stuff. They will help you with anything... literally.The restaurant Spoon is really great but we found the Steakhouse in this hotel the best steak restaurant that we have ever ate in... and we've ate a lot of steaks so that's saying something. Both the food and service here is faultless. It has to be done while staying here.Hotel is only a 10-minute walk to the Star Ferry terminal where it takes about 8 minutes to get across to Hong Kong Island. Very cheap and a great trip across too with immense views. MTR station is also outside front of hotel, which is a very easy and great system to use to get you anywhere. Definitely worth purchasing an Octopus card. You put a 50HKD deposit on it and as much money as you want. Hand it back in before you leave and you get back your deposit and also the money left on it. This can be used for any mode of public transport. It's worth noting that taxis are hideously cheap in Hong Kong. There is lots more to say about this place but these are the main points I can think of about the hotel. If anyone reading this wants to ask me anything else, please feel free to message me.As for Hong Kong.... loved it. Had 2 weeks here and did something different every single day of the holiday. Hadn't realised there was this much to do and see... could have easily stayed another week. Enjoy! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":505,"mention":"Victoria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Victoria_Bitter"],"startOffset":497},{"endOffset":2091,"mention":"Victoria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Victoria_Bitter"],"startOffset":2083}]}