{"text":"Yet another memory for life at one of the world's great hotels. My family loves the Island Shangri-La.Maybe one day it will disappoint, but that day has not yet arrived!After getting through customs at Hong Kong's wonderful airport, we emerged at the arrivals area and the Shangrila staff spotted us immediately. (They just know who you are.)The guys jumped under the wire and took all our luggage.We were whisked to the Rolls Royce which has the most lovely deep-blue carpet. (And it costs a pittance when you convert to pounds or euros.)Felix drives like a calming massage. At the hotel, Hitomi (who was our service lady this time) whisks us straight to the room, where you get to sign your name to check in. Of course your XBox is plugged in and running already for the kids, etc etc, Sir.The I.S.L. swimming pool is a favorite place on Earth; you are outdoors surrounded by the amazing skyscrapers, in a micro-valley of greenery.Eat up a storm at Cafe Too, or try the fine restaurants. (Petrus of course, or Nadaman - the only one outside Japan.)As always enjoy the views and the ultra-solidly-built (now that's real luxury) rooms. Enjoy the world's biggest mural, the surreal\/amazing atrium, etc etc etc etc as usual.The best luxury shopping mall in the world is ... underneath the hotel. Pop down to Van Cleef  Arpels for something for your wife.Tragically due to some sort of idiot conference being held by boring bankers, the hotel was quite full so we were not able to get the usual harbour view suite, which is the way to go.They hooked us up with two connected rooms on the harbour side, which is not bad at all. (Unfortunately on a low floor, i.e. about floor 45, but that's what you get for booking late.)More good news, they have now opened a restaurant area, OUTDOORS, just by the pool. We LOVE this because you are out with the skyscrapers, awesome at night time. There might even be some attractive lady bankers in the pool for you single men.They opened it due to the new HK smoking laws - so it's one place where you can smoke and eat (since outdoors); this is a good system which is fair for all. They wheeled out the humidor so I could have a massive cigar, they bring charming shalls for your children and wife if the night is a little cool, and generally life is perfect.Tip: the pool deck restaurant area has an abbreviated menu, BUT because it's the Shangrila of course you can do whatever you want -- you can order from one of the other restaurants and sort it out. The Lobster Bar  Grill works very well, they brought me a couple of lobster thermidor from there to the pool deck area.Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.The island Shangrila.Hot tip! At the airport now, they have these wonderful golf-buggy taxis. As soon as you get off the plane, there are golf-buggy taxis waiting which will take you to customs; same thing when you're going back the other way. This saves you a very long walk - and they cost a pittance (one or two pounds\/euros!!) so it is crazy not to use them every single time. ","annotations":[]}