{"text":"An almost perfect stay We stayed at the Library hotel in the last week of October 2008 as part of our honeymoon around the US. The positives - the hotel is in a fantastic location right near the public library and within easy walking distance to Times Square and many other NY landmarks. The rooms are relatively small, but if you are spending all your time in your room in NYC then you are there for the wrong reason. The continental breakfast provided has excellent variety and the wine and cheese receptions in the evening were a pleasure to comeback to. Igor (Chief Concierge) was funny and extremely helpful - even providing exact details to a small concert hall out in New Jersey with maps and directions. The negatives - Firstly, as mentioned by other reviewers, the hotel will not take payment at the time of booking. Given we booked our accommodation when the Aus dollar was at 98c to the US dollar it was disappointing that payment would only be taken at checkout when the dollar had dropped to 59c. This meant our stay cost and extra 1500AUD than it would have when we booked. Secondly, we had huge issues after we had checked out with our credit card. We were advised when we checked in that the cost of the accommodation plus $100US per day for incidentals would be placed on hold. This was fine. Unfortunately when we departed (and our account had been finalised) the amount on hold was not released resulting in the hotel √à√\u2020\u2022√ä¬∂√¥ouble dipping√à√\u2020\u2022?so to speak. When we contacted the hotel to ask them to release our funds (given we had paid our account in full) we received a very unfriendly response from a front desker named Lennard who informed us that it was not the hotel and that banks are quick to blame hotels for their own mistakes. After a few (VERY EXPENSIVE) phone calls to my own bank in Australia I was able to confirm that it was indeed the Library that still had the funds on hold (a total of 2800USD). After another unpleasant conversation with Lennard, we were forced to call our bank in Aus back and ask for them to call the Library hotel. Luckily our bank had more luck when they spoke with Lennard and were able to resolve the situation immediately. But it really did spoil what was a fantastic stay. OVERALL - Would we stay there again? Absolutely - the rooms are clean, well serviced, the food was great and the location is excellent. Would we do anything differently? Yes, we wouldnt provide a credit card as security to avoid the unfortunate situation we found ourselves in. ","annotations":[]}