{"text":"had a GREAT experience at this hotel Just for a point of reference we are very well traveled and live in NYC. Have stayed at Claridge's in London, de Russie in Rome, Plaza Athene\/Ritz in Paris etc ....Had two rooms for 5 nights as we were with our kids ages 11  13.Pros: Fabulous beds and pillowsRecently done decorWe had rooms w\/ the most AMAZING TERRACES I have ever seen. They had two padded banquets that you could use for sunbathing if the weather was warm enough.Fabulous location.2 fabulous pools one on the roof and one in the gymgreat water pressure in the showersreason hairdryer was so heavy was that it was fabulous and worked!room service was on time to the minute and the breakfast buffet was superior to a lot of nicer hotelsmaid service was good especially considering the mess my kids left everymorningTo address some of the other peoples complaints:We had terrific service. We changed one dinner reservation 4 times in one day -- I know a nightmare ... don't ask -- they did it all with a smile. We were given multiple city maps, room keys etc.Taxis: We come from a busy city and sometimes there aren't taxis to be found. We were advised (honestly which was thoughtful) to take the metro one night (soccer match\/raining) which we did, we were found taxis another night, we also walked outside onto the Ramblas and hailed a cab no problem by ourselves.Air conditioning: we couldn't use the thermostat and someone was in our room within 5 minutes showing us how.They were lovely with my children who would occasionally camp out in the lobby .Noise: I will agree that occasionally you heard footsteps and that the marble floor area in front of the elevators was loud from the maid's cart rolling over it. We were able to seep until 10am most mornings with no problemIt does not quite have the finesse of some of the older established hotels but we had a wonderful stay. In the end I think it partially comes down to how expensive a hotel like this is for you. If you have saved for years to take this trip and it is a stretch you might not find it perfect and it would be frustrating. We did not find it to crazy expensive and really enjoyed our stay, hence the good review. I have never stayed at a perfect hotel anywhere in the world -- life is complicated and there are always glitches and dissapointments. ","annotations":[]}