{"text":"Loved the Torre Catalunya! Have just got back from a 5 night stay at this brilliant hotel. As previous reviews mentioned the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. As soon as we checked in they had a map out showing us where we were located and pointed out the things that we should see! When we checked in I was slightly disappointed that we were given a room on the 3rd floor (especially when the reviews had been marvelling about the spetacular views) When we requested a room higher up we where told it would be an extra 12 euros per night between us. So we decided to upgrade and got a lovely room on the 18th floor with an amazing view over barcelona.Apparently any room above the 11th floor encounters the extra 12 euro a night, so if you want a great view be prepared to pay the extra! The room itself was immaculate and very stylish. It had everything you could need including mini-bar, huge t.v, tea making facilities, hairdryer, loads of storage space, a safe and loads more! The bathroom was amazing with two sinks, a large bath and then a seperate walk in shower and a separate toilet! Plus all the toiletries you could think of!I cannot comment on the hotels othere facilities as we only really slept there as there is so much to see and do in barcelona.Don't be put of by the fact that there is not outdoor pool as for no extra cost you can use the hotels next door rooftop pool for no extra cost plus they provide you with towels.Although the hotel is situated slightly outside the city centre an excellant metro sevice gets you there in 10 mins! The metro station is located two mins walk from hotel. We used the metro for all our journeys as it was cheap and efficient. The T10 ticket provides you with 10 journeys for 7 euros and you can use the ticket between yourself and whoever your travelling with. And unlike the london underground the tubes are air conditioned and feel a lot safer! We were often on the tube at midnight and never encountered any problems.Also close to the hotel is barcelona's main train station where you can travel all over spain and the best bit is that you can travel to and from the airport. We booked the hotel and flight ourself so did not get tranfers included so we got the train to and from the hotel and it cost peanuts! You can actually use your t10 ticket for this journey so it cost not even two pound each for our return journey! These trains run every 30 mins and only takes half an hour to reach hotel from airport!Overall this was a fab hotel and if I go back to this wonderful city then I will be staying here again! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":912,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":909}]}