{"text":"Excellent value at this friendly, quaint hotel Our family (young couple and one-year-old child) stayed at the Hotel Langlois for four nights, Feb.25-28, 2007. We very much enjoyed our stay and would happily recommend the hotel to all value-conscious travellers. (We'd give it a rating of 4.5 if we could...) The hotel, a renovated bank from the 1800s, has considerable character and both the reception and cleaning staff are warm and accomodating (although some have limited English). Our room (#55) was very spacious and pleasantly, if simply decorated. The baby cot we had requested was set up while we were checking in, so that it was ready when we moved in. If we leaned out the bathroom window, we could see the Trinity church nearby - about the best view possible, given the hotel's location on a narrow side street. The antique (original?) elevator is a real adventure: it is attractively oak-panneled with an open swinging door but is extremely small and lurches frighteningly when it stops, often at the wrong floor. We found it great fun, but it is clearly the bane of the staff's existence and would be very unsuitable for those who are nervous, claustrophobic or mobility-impaired. As far as advantages, the hotel's location is good, quiet and yet very close to a metro station. The free internet access in the breakfast room is a real plus (although the wireless access is unreliable). We did not eat at the hotel, but the breakfast buffet looked nice and twice the staff thoughtfully gave our baby a fresh croissant when we left in the morning. I liked their key system: each time you leave, you drop your pass key off at reception and the 24-hour desk attendant welcomes you and returns it when you arrive back - no lost keys and the cleaning staff knows when your room is empty. The mini-bar prices were better than most of those in the local shops, so we drank very many bottled waters and juices and then were only charged for a few. They also found us an adapter to allow us to charge our cell phone. For 130 euro a night, we found this hotel to be a great value. The highlight for us was the pleasant, family atmosphere - the staff were unfailingly friendly and eager to help. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1529,"mention":"croissant","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Croissant"],"startOffset":1520}]}