{"text":"Overpriced aging hotel in a great location I booked this hotel on priceline. The hotel made a mistake when they entered their information so we got the rooms for 20% of the usual price. It took some time and a lot of arguing but the hotel did ultimately agree to honor the price, since it was their mistake.Good things first- the location is perfect. It is within walking distance of everything you want to see, of course depending on how much you are willing to walk. It's a block from La Ramblas and really close to the train station. The exterior and the lobby look very pretty and luxurious. The suite was really spacious and there were two flatscreen tvs. There was a separate living room and a hallway leading up to the bedroom\/living room\/bathroom. On to the bad. The furniture and the decorations looked like they might have been nice once but were now shabby and worn. The rug and bedding were threadbare and could definitely use an upgrade. The worst part for me was that it was dirty. There were hairs in the sink and bathtub from previous occupants and the bathroom floor wasn't clean. My feet were dirty after walking around on the rug barefoot (forgot my slippers). Lastly, the hotel staff is not very friendly and pretty much only answer yes or no if you ask a question. The price for internet service, as mentioned by other reviewers, is outrageous!I have stayed at lower rated hotels that have been a lot nicer (and cleaner). A four star hotel should, at the very least, be clean. Also, I would have traded in the 2 flat screen tvs for newer bedding. Considering the price I paid for this hotel, I feel a little guilty for complaining. If I had paid the list price, I would have been furious! I would not stay at this hotel again, even for the price I paid. On a random note, there was a strike going on outside the hotel while we were there. I don't know Spanish but I am pretty sure it was a workers' union strike. This wasn't until right before we left though, so it wouldn't have affected the hotel service. It made it hard to get in and out of the hotel. ","annotations":[]}