{"text":"Average Hotel We stayed here for a week in July of 2007. This hotel is located in the pink zone. The hotel looked just as we expected from the photos, clean and no frills. Since we were planning on spending most of our time out exploring the city it was fine for us. Our room had two double beds which were a bit hard, but not terribly uncomfortable. The room was pretty large with a tv, alarm clock, telephone, and ironing board. The bathroom was marble and clean with a built-in hairdryer and some simple toiletries. Towels were abundant for two people and replaced everyday by housekeeping. The carpet in the room was a bit worn and could have either used replacing or a deep cleaning. The room had air conditioning, but it worked very poorly in the summer weather. There were sliding windows that opened (no screens), but we kept them closed for safety reasons. We were also able to get WiFi access in our room after a couple of days (initially it was down). I should note that depending on which staff member we asked, we got a different price for the WiFi service. We finally found out from the manager that it was actually free! Thankfully we averted that scam! There are two restaurants on site, one comparable to Denny's here in the states and another that is typical of an average Mexican restaurant. The food was average at both places and reasonably priced. There is also a shop attached that sells a hodgepodge of merchandise. It's good if you are in a pinch for toothpaste or postcards, but the prices are rather high for average goods (we payed $16 US for sunscreen!).The hotel neighborhood is ok, but definitely past its prime. Across from the hotel is a very small mall with an Italian restaurant, food court, Starbucks, and clothing stores. There are plenty of restaurants in the area and we actually walked to almost all of the tourist attractions from the hotel. It was close to one of the red tourist bus stops which is a must for any tourist who wants to see the entire city. At night the area seems to be filled with young people and a bit sketchy (there are a few strip clubs in the area). We didn't venture past the mall after dark.. If we were to travel to Mexico City again, we would probably not stay in this neighborhood again, but closer to the historical center. ","annotations":[]}