{"text":"Great Customer Service My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon after reading positive reviews on this hotel. We took a cruise on the Mediterranean so our first night was one night before the cruise and returned for an additional five nights after the cruise. The first night was not an impressive experience. Our flight got in late and when we arrived at 11pm, the receptionist told us there were no other rooms available except for the one that was given to us. I stated on my online reservation that we were on our honeymoon and found two single beds pushed together. The sheets were seperate, so as a honeymoon couple, we couldn't even snuggle up together. We also experienced a very hot and humid room with the toilet area smelling like urine. The only way we could cool down a bit, the AC was not working in our room, was to open the door to the outside, but there was a vent blowing from the outside and was loud. I was glad to be out of that room after one night. I could not stand it and had my doubts about returning. Oh, and the light switches are not easy to use in any of their rooms. They operate near the front door, even the bathroom lights, and you do not know if you have turned on the bathroom light until you go back and forth to check. It is not convenient for anybody who really has to use the bathroom in an emergency. Thankfully our experience on the second lag of our journey was better. We got to the hotel on the wee hours of 9:30am on a Sunday morning after our cruise. The room wasn't ready, which I was prepared for, so they asked us to come back around 2, as they stored our luggage in the back room. We went to Las Rambla, came back, and were told our room still wasn't ready. We previously told them we were on our honeymoon and we wanted to make sure we were going to be sleeping in the same bed. They upgraded us to room 705 which is one of the biggest rooms they have in the hotel, and the receptionist was very apologetic for their tardiness to get our room ready. It was definitely in a better condition than the one we were previously in. Though I still smelled urine in the bathtub and one night around our bed, I do not know if the housekeepers use the same towels to clean the toilet and the other areas of the room, but it was quite disgusting to experience this multiple times. Other than the few probems early on, I finally got situated into the room and became comfortable after the first day. I found the free internet access very accomodating for guests - there is one by the lobby and two in the business center which is available until 12am. The pool is open from 9-9 and is quite nice, very long, but we didn't have time to swim in it. The metro is ony 3 blocks away and is easy to use. We noticed that the colossium next door was under construction and was worked on during the night time which caused a little noise in our room. I was still able to sleep through it and it seemed like construction stopped once there was sun light. We found the staff to be curteous and we had an unexpected cancellation with our flight which forced us to stay an extra night. When we first spoke to the receptionists about staying an extra night, they informed us that we would have to move to another room. I was a bit surprised that we couldn't stay in our current room. My husband went back down the next morning to ask about staying in our room and this time the receptionist said it was fine. To our experience, the staff members in the morning time were more experienced. Forget the night time staff as they are newbies and really do not know what they are doing. Checking out was a breeze and they did not charge us for our phone useage even though my husband spent 20 minutes trying to contact our airline. For the price we paid, I guess we got what we paid for. ","annotations":[]}