{"text":"Probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in We stayed here for three nights on a tour of Italy and the hotel was, by far, the worst we stayed in and the worst hotel experience I have ever had. Firstly, the hotel is located in a pretty seedy area and there was the smell of drains outside the front entrance. Superficially, the hotel looks OK, something which is emphasised on the website. However, once you look a bit closer it is quite rough around the edges and generally unclean. We made the mistake of booking an economy room, which was not only tiny but also quite dirty with layers of dust, mould in the bathroom and stained sheets. It was clear that it had not been cleaned properly for some time. However, by far the worst element of the stay was the discovery of bedbugs in our room on the first night. We noticed insects crawling on the walls and black stains as soon as we got to the room and, although at the time we didn't know what they were, we demanded to be moved. We were told there were no spare rooms, we were moved to a ground floor room which was in the process of being built (the bathroom was only half finished) and we were given sheets and forced to make our own beds. The next day, to their credit, the management apologised and refunded the fee for the first night.For the second and third nights we were placed in the adjoining room to the bedbug infested room, which thankfully had no bedbugs. However, we saw that the hotel had put new guests in the infested room. It was only when we returned home armed with photos of the room that I discovered that the 'insects' were in fact bedbugs, and it shocked me that new guests had been put in the room after we refused to stay there. I emailed the hotel, who replied to admit they knew that there were bedbugs in the room but that the problem had since been treated. However, it was obvious from looking back at the photos that the bedbugs had been there for some time and had either been ignored or inexplicably overlooked.All in all, it was just a horrible and worrying experience (bedbugs can travel on suitcases and invest your own home) and I wish the management of the hotel had been straight with us from the start. It was only through a bit of research of my own that I discovered what the creepy crawlies were that we had almost spent a night with. It was appalling that such obvious signs of infestation, which had clearly been there for some time, had not been picked up. Looking at other people's comments, it seems that the standard and superior rooms are perhaps a bit more acceptable which probably explains the mixed reviews. However, I would steer any possible guests away from this hotel given the mediocre condition of the hotel, general uncleanliness, poor location and the general cavalier attitude of the management, that is assuming that the bedbug issues have been resolved. ","annotations":[]}