{"text":"Got what we paid for.... Nice resort, great beach area, Excellent staff made for a pleasent and relaxing vacation for my wife and I. After reading many of the negative reviews we were very worried. We arrived on March 3rd and stayed for 7 days. We arrived before noon and were told that we would not have a room until after 2pm. After asking several times we finally got checked in around 3pm, very frustrating after an already long day! I blame that on Apple and not the resort.The room were not that great. They all seem to be somewhat worn out but clean. The balcony was nice overlooking the lagoon but you didn't dare open the door too much as the air conditioner struggled to keep the somewhat small room cool. We were just OK with the room, but not impressed. If you are looking for luxury, not the place to be.The pool was small but nice, the beach was beautiful! We spent 6-8hrs a day on the beach. Usually got our chairs by 8am with no problem, earlier if you wanted a better choice. And beware, the sun is very intense and you will burn quickly!The grounds were well kept and very peaceful, got some great photos of the wildlife and the landscape.All 3 ala carte restaurants were excellent, wish we could have eaten there every nite and skipped the buffet! We never got sick from the food but we were very selective when choosing. The food is almost never hot when it should be and unfortunately never cold when it should be either. It just seems to sit out much too long and being in the warm climate.... well, you can see where this is going. So my advise get to the buffet early and if it you aren't sure, don't eat it! The bars were all good the bartenders and waitresses were very friendly and seemed to always remember what we were drinking and for a couple bucks took even better care of you.The gift shop was quite expensive. And very limited.Unfortunately we had a late departure and could not get a late checkout at the resort. We had to be out of the room at 12 and did not leave for the airport until 6pm. They stored our luggage in a usually unsecured room and the hospitality shower room was a mess with no hair dryers or outlets to plug one in.Our Apple rep was great, she took very good care of us and had some real good tips for our stay. So do take the time to listen to her.The language barrier was never a problem and we speak no spanish but brought a small book of phrases which did help.We did notice that many of the guests were quite rude to the staff and also other guests, not sure what the reason for that was. I myself do not have much patience for rude people.We did meet an awesome couple from Canada and it helped to make the stay even more enjoyable. We enjoyed their company.Over all it was a nice experience and we feel we got what we paid for. We loved Punta Cana and would definately return but both agree we would spend the extra money and go 5 or 6 stars next time. Natura Park was a good value for the money. Not a luxury resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":29,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":25},{"endOffset":2740,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2736}]}