{"text":"hotel hell-worst experience in a hotel ever!!! Worst hotel experience of my life. I have stayed in plenty of hotels around the world, and this one by far was the worst.The staff is either rude or sompletely disinterested in helping you. Most of the staff there do not speak English, which is fine if you are not in the tourist industry. Tiny, dirty horrible rooms that look nothing like the pictures. Nasty disgusting area with streetwalkers everywhere you look around the building and down the street. Worst area in Madrid. My husband and I kept asking ourselves where is the Spain we heard such lovely things about??If you decide to stay here instead of a one or two star hotel, which I can assure you would be a far better experience because it could not be worse, make sure you speak some Spansh or you won't be able to order so much as water, or coffee with cream. Dining staff only speaks Spainish, period! Still trying to figure out how this hotel achieved 4 star status!!!In short, I would have to say in all honestly, this was a very depressing hotel and we checked out early because we were so miserable. We found Hotel Quo Puerta del Sol, and it turned our experience around. Hotel was gorgeous, staff was professional, friendly, wonderful to us. Thanks Laura and Simon!!!Breakfast was fabulous, unlike the other place. And the location was a thousand times better. Not seedy at all and right near Puerta del sol.If I go to Madrid again,Quo Puerta Del Sol is probably the only hotel I would choose. You can't beat the location, price, rooms or service. We booked the suite and we could have just stayed there and enjoyed ourselves. It was spacious and wonderful! Oh and as far as the glass bathroom door people mentioned, it's totally frosted. You couldn't see anything on the other side even if you tried, so there's not a thing to worry about.Hope this helps you. Happy traveling!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":857,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":851}]}