{"text":"IFA: (Incredibly False Advertisement) We thought we got a good deal when we got an All Inclusive package to this resort and only paid $545 per\/person for 5days\/4 nights. The package included, food  drinks, airfare, tips and taxes but what they forgot to include was CUSTOMER SERVICE, but thats just the start of it all.Food  Drinks? The food was edible if you dont mind flies and crows flying all over your plate and all over the buffet table. Drinks? If your lucky enough to get someone to come over to you or even acknowledge your presence, please be sure to order 3-4 drinks at a time, because you will be waiting 20-30 minutes between each drink. The swim up bar? It has a bar, but no liquor and no bartender. You can probably get can drink in the desert easier than you would at this resort.Rooms? The couple rooms (the rooms with the King size beds, fyi: #'s start with 10) are on the other side of the resort. The walk from your room to the beach was about 10- 15 minute walk in 100 degree weather. But the room itself, it was in OK condition, not impressive at all. The sheets dont get changed, the towel wrack (in our bathroom) was hangin off the wall, but then again maintence does not leave you any wash cloths (so pack your own!). If you do happen to go to IFA, before you settle in make sure your Air Conditioning is working. Two of our friends did NOT have A\/C for 2 nights, complained to Front desk (for 2 full days) but got no service. It wasnt until they threatened to leave that there room was changed. The bottled water in the fridge is not new, they refill the bottles (with God only hope filtered water) but I highly doubt it since most of us got sick.Secuirty of your goods? Renting the safe ($3 a day), is definitely worth the money here. How is that of one of our friends lost his Ipod and phone charger, after he had the Do Not Disturb sign at the door the whole time we were there? Reservations at the Caribbean, Japenese  Mexican restaurant? In one word? Impossible. We tried to make reservations the day we got there and they were all booked. How do you offer a service and then not give everyone a fair chance at it.All in all, we would have been willing to over look, all these details, if the Customer Service was even close to decent, we did only pay $525 per person. However, maybe we are wrong, but we still expected some kind of customer service. If somebody would had even showed a sign that they cared, maybe our experience would have been at least average. But the bottom line is that anyone that we dealt with, treated us like we were bothering them and that they simply did not care. So in my opnion, save your money and go somewhere else, because the highlight of our trip was coming home. ","annotations":[]}