{"text":"It was okay We spent a week at the Punta Grand. We only paid $1650 for the week including airfare so I must say the week was definitely worth the money. Airport: The majority of the airport is not air conditioned so standing in lines can be somewhat hot. There is a $10 charge per person to enter the country. Have your money ready. Punta Cana Grand does not provide transportation so we had to take a taxi. We paid $25 plus a tip and the drive was about 20-25 minutes long. Room: We were in building 1. We had a third floor room with the high ceilings. The room was okay. The walls are very thin and we could hear everything going on around our building throughout the night. The theatre and casino were right next to us and could become very loud at times. If you like to turn in early building 1 is not for you. The water pressure trickled out some days and was sufficient other days. We had no hot water only one day. Our sink area had an ant problem. Luckily I brought some mosquito repellant and that seemed to work alright. We always had plenty of towels in the bathroom and the fridge was always stocked. The electricity including the AC runs off of your key card. We liked to leave to the AC on while we were out to keep the room cooler. This was fine for the first few days. However, by the middle of the week the key card was taken out and gone. I went to the front desk and got a new one and was told that the maid will take it if you leave it. I did not like that. I kind of understand that they might not want you running up the electricity while you are out, but I didn't understand confiscating the key card. I would reccommend to anyone that is goingt o Punta Cana Grand to upgrade to Building 7. They are much nicer\/newer than the other buildings and only a few hundred dollars more. Pools: The adult pool was very warm and not refreshing. The main pool was very crowded and had tons of kids running around it. People also left their used cups all around it. The best pool was by Building 7. It was calm, peaceful and the water was cool and refreshing. Food: It was okay. Nothing to brag about. More european catered than american. Don't drink the water! Trust me!!!!! Carry bottled water with you to meals. Also, at the buffet, if you prefer a soda it will be easier and quicker if you just bring it with you from your fridge in the room. We went whole meals at the buffet with never receiving a drink. Beach: There was a lot of sea grass, but it wasn't bothersome. The Grand had people cleaning the beaches constantly. Bring a raft with you if you would like to float around. There are none at the resort and you will pay about 3x more if you buy one at the gift shop. Nonetheless, the beach was very nice. We brought our own towels from home and it was worth it. We went snorkling one day and it was beautiful. The fish ate from our hands.The resort itself is beautiful and for the money we paid I can't complain. I think though, that the next time I plan a vacation I will spend an extra $1000 and go somewhere else. I would like better service, better food, and a room without ants. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1245,"mention":"cooler","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cactus_Cooler"],"startOffset":1239}]}