{"text":"Not so Excellente! So my DH and I went to Punta Cana on Thursday July 13th and came back Tuesday July 18th. We went with two other couples. All in all, we had an OK time, but I def. wouldn't go back to the Dominican Republic. It just wasn't our style. Here's the scoop:1. Bus ride from hotel is longer and bumpier than we had exprected. We were expecting 45 - 60 minutes, it was more like 90 minutes. Quite a ride to the resort.2. The resort is BEAUTIFUL. Which is just as well because you won't want to go off the resort. Lots of wildlife all over the place. Lots to see.3. The pools are beautiful and clean. You'll be spending most of your days here since the pools close at 7pm (who knew?) Def. go to the cascade pool. Totally different atmosphere and it's soo nice.4. Don't plan on getting drunk here. Yes, it's an all inclusive with open bar but for some reason the only way we could get a buzz was with wine! White Zinfandel to be exact which wasn't included, $17 per bottle, which by the way, got really hard to find after the 3rd night. 5. The food is terrible! Best place for dinner is the Bordeax . Don't bother going to Himitsu or De Mario. DH and I liked El Patio. They had the best dessert there.6. When you go, make sure they don't put you in building 11 or 12 as there is construction going on which made it impossible to get in a nap at all during the day. We delt with it for the first 2 days then, we asked to be moved. They moved us to a master suite in building 5 near the cascade pool. The rooms on the top floor have vaulted ceilings. Very nice.7. Oh yea, be prepared to dish out $10 as soon as you arrive at the airport for a Tourist Card. (Which they'll take right back from you 10 feet away!)8. Come with lots of singles and cash! There's no atm on the premises!9. Learn some simple spanish phrases! It helps!10. Don't expect it to be equivalent to a 5 star resort in the US! Go with an open mind and you'll have a good time! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":388,"mention":"like","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Like_Cola"],"startOffset":384}]}