{"text":"Nice but not spectacular Staying for 6 days. The rooms in general are typically sized for a big city, small. We upgraded when we arrived to a more expensive room because the one we were put in was among the smallest in it's range, lower floor, and smelled of smoke. I'd hate to see what the base level room looked like. Also as might be typical of Europe, although I'm not sure, there is no iron supplied in the rooms. Maybe I'm just a spoiled America. Doesn't Motel 6 have irons?Indeed the location is excellent although noisy at times. The rooms are well sound proofed but that will only go so far when it comes to a horn happy culture. It is perhaps among the best locations in Barcelona as far as access, shopping and just plain action.As for the service it was OK but not great. Turn down service seemed to have vanished after the 2nd night. Oops they must have been listening, someone just showed up while I am writing this review. Now I won't have to call for towels. Also a call for a sewing kit the other night required a second call after it the first failed. A little nerve racking when your trying to make a dinner date.The roof deck offers a great view of the city with a small pool area, well equipped fitness room, and sauna. It can get busy. Unfortunately we did not get a chance to try the restaurant but heard it is among the best in the city, and as such is difficult to get into. The included breakfast buffet is excellent.Overall it is a decent hotel but does not overachieve, I would say it is average for the price. It seems higher end hotels just keep getting more and more expensive, but the service always seems to lag if not decline. The week dollar doesn't help the perception. I'm thankful for the relatively inexpensive wine and comparable food prices because a trip to Europe these days is not for the faint of heart when it comes to affordability. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":4,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":0}]}