{"text":"I already miss the sunscape My husband and I went to the suncape for our two year anniversary and I could not have imagined a more enjoyable trip. I must admit after reading the majority of the reviews on trip advisor prior to leaving, I was very nervous. Once we arrived I realized that I had absolutely nothing to worry about. It does take about an hour to get back and fourth to the airport ( unless your driver is Rudy, he got us there in about 40 minutes ) but it gives you a chance to see the different culture and how lucky we have it here in the U.S. Once we arrived at the hotel we were greeted with juice and a cold towel, check in and check out was a breeze.Our room was great, even better than we expected. We got the junior suite which had a Jacuzzi on the balcony. I was very happy with our choice, we had a couple days of rain in which the Jacuzzi came in very handy. The staff is wonderful there, I don't think there was even a time that I passed one of the staff members and they did not greet you with a smile and say hola. Very pleasant and happy to help you with anything. There is always something to do to keep you entertained. Pillow fighting, shuffleboard contest, Volleyball, etc. Even if you didn't want to participate it was fun to just watch. The shows at night were fun to watch, ( even participated in a couple, on vacation, why not??) The food was good, cant complain. We didn't get sick at all, even drank the water. Dreams was our favorite but the Japanese was a lot of fun and entertaining. World Cafe had a huge wonderful selection so you cant go wrong there. My husband and I had dinner on the beach on our anniversary evening and it was by far worth the extra. Strongly recommend it. I was a little concerned about the language barrier since I speak no Spanish. I had absolutely nothing to worry about there either. When I ordered drinks at the bars had no trouble communicating what I wanted and the drinks were great. Leon at the barracuda bar was hilarious ( he says that his goal is to get people drunk ) and I'm sure that he has reached that goal several times.The spa was wonderful as well, we got a couples hot stone massage and it was by far the best massage I've experienced. The casino was a lot of fun as well. There is a sports bar there with all kinds of different activities, tennis, pool, racquetball, you name it and its there. There was football to watch on the TV. The only thing I can say that got old was the venders there. They can be very pushy, but you just learn to say no thanks and keep on walking if you are not interested. They are just trying to make a living but again it did get very old.I would definitely go back in a heartbeat. I was very sad to leave. We were there from 11\/9-11\/16\/07 and it just flew by. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1961,"mention":"Leon","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Leon_Beer"],"startOffset":1957}]}