{"text":"Very much enjoyed my stay but check out was a nightmare. I stayed at Excellence Punta Cana from May 20-May 25. It was my husband and I First Wedding Anniversary.Hector, at the concierge desk was great. He was already expecting us because we were announced by the entrance guard (we drove in rather than the bus). He placed us in a room with the pool view rather than mountain and hoped that we did not mind ;) Awesome!!As far as the bumpy ride to the resort, I was already mentally prepared for the worst due to the reviews I had already read. I was ready for an Indiana Jones type of adventure and was disappointed because it was not so bad. I even got on a Dune Buggy excursion to try to experience the Terrible Bumps but it still was not as bumpy as I expected.We were starving by the time we arrived and went straight for lunch at the grill. The service and food was wonderful and when we arrived at our room, our luggage was already there along with fruits and a bottle of Dominican Don Perignon (This is an Excellence Joke, which you will only understand if you live the experience).The entertainment team was excellent at and kept us busy if that was what we wished to do. Especially Johanna, Altagracia and the animator with the microphone in the daytime. I cannot recall his name but he is very funny and very good.Also, Domingo, the saxophone player is excellent!!! and it only gets better because there is now a wonderful lady with the Clarinet.. I never knew that a clarinet could be so soothing and romantic!As far as the bug issue... I was armed with my bug spray only to never have used it because I found none in my wonderful room (room 1104, building 2) and never experienced any sand flies; I still do not know what they look like.We had an Excellent Anniversary Dinner at Chez Isabella and the staff was very attentive and professional. When we arrived to our room after that perfect dinner, we arrived to a candle lit room with soft music and rose petal bubble bath and bed. I was very impressed that management kept the date of our actual anniversary date and arranged for our dinner table and our bedroom room to be prepared in that special way for us.The Beach does have lots of waves but it only reminded me of a clean version of Jones Beach in Long Island, New York. My only true complaint was during check out. While my husband was away, arranging things with our luggage handler, The person that was assisting me with the check out gave me a very non- professional, raunchy comment because I am an American who married a Local from the Island and I visit him every 6 weeks. He refereed about how hot and spicy my sex life is like when I arrive after 6 weeks.... I was embarrassed by his comments; even his colleague reprimanded him and walked away a bit disgusted. I simply reacted with a giggle for fear of popping him in the mouth and causing a scandal. The same person then proceeds to tell me that I have a charge of three American dollars for a call that I did not make. On May 21st, I had called the concierge from my room phone to get the number for American Airlines. She proceeded to give it to me but I did not dial it. I have my Blackberry and never used the room phone for outside calls, never even learnt how.I was already so uncomfortable with this person that I just gave up and offered to pay the $ 3.00 put instead of billing me he insisted in getting a detailed telephone copy of my room which made my check out process even longer!!! I just wanted to pay and run which eventually, I did because he came back convinced that I had made the call and so, I paid it.Other than that...Life was GREAT at Excellence Punta Cana. I would truly recommend it! ","annotations":[]}