{"text":"A great choice, whether you're there for business or for romance It may sound a bit strange, but I think it's true. Perfect for business and for romance too (not so for singles, partiers, families with kids and so on).Elegant, quiet, perfectly located in a very good part of town ... I think the Omni really has it all. It's obsviously not an inexpensive choice, but their rates are very reasonable for what you get.The lobby is beautiful and the rooms extremely clean, quite large and very comfortable, with incredible beds and bathrooms wonderfully appointed with marble and green and black granite. Room service was very good and front desk staff was efficient.One of the definite pluses of the hotel is the express check-out. So efficient, as you bypass the usual check-out procedures (unless you disagree with the price to pay). You gave them your credit card when checking-in, so finding your final bill in an envelope at your door room the final morning and simply leaving is always a great thing.The restaurant is average and quite overpriced, but I guess this is somewhat usual in this kind of properties. It was definitely what I like the least. You don't need to pay such prices for breakfast or dinner, especially considering you will find plenty of fantastic places to eat at reasonable prices in nearby North Beach and all over the city.The location is the very best I could personally ask for. I understand that those who visit San Francisco for the first time usually prefer to stay in Union Square (which, by the way, is within walking distance) or in Fisherman's Wharf (which I would never recommend), but, for me, the area around the Omni is the very best. for the following reasons:a) The area is very nice and you're within walking distance to places such as Union Square, North Beach, Chinatown, the Embarcadero, the cable car turntable, and so on.b) It is very quiet, as it is located at the edge of the financial district.So, when I have enough budget for it, the Omni is, for all those reasons and more, my personal choice in San Francisco, my very favourite city. ","annotations":[]}