{"text":"Hell in Waikiki If I were to write this review on cleanliness alone, it would be good. But overall, this place was pretty bad. I rented room 435 for only one night because the house I rented on the North Shore was not available my first night. So I figured I'd just stay in an inexpensive place with two bedrooms, for my 19-year-old son and me, for one night. The biggest problem is the parking. If you have a rental car, forget it. And, they take parking very seriously in Waikiki. We ended up finding parking a few blocks South, behind the Adult Bookstore (and massage parlor), which is above a little Japanese restaurant and tattoo parlor, just off Lewers one block west. From the hotel, which you're sure not to get a parking space in their impossibly miniscule garage, designed for a small fleet of Mini Coopers, you'd turn left, then go as far as you can before hitting the river. Turn left, then make another left at the first opportunity to go thru (one-way streets and all). Then make another left at the first light and you'll probably see a sign for public parking, and detour. Make a right on what seems like an alley-way alongside a construction zone. Head down there and you'll see it on your left. It will look nasty, sort of gravel, and cracked asphalt. Yep that's it and it costs $12.00\/half day. The good part, though, is that you can add money to your parking bill via cell phone. Don't worry about your Pontiac G-6 in this weird spot. There are plenty of Corvettes, Jags, and BMW's parked in the same lot. Maybe they're all at the massage parlor... Anyway, there's your best bet... not the Dolphin place the lady at the desk will recommend as she's staring somewhere off the left side of your head. I hate it when people won't make eye contact.So, when I checked in, the not-so-gracious desk clerk told me we were assigned to room 435. Why thank you Warden, I'll report there immeditely and take my parking lot punishment like a butch!The rooms are small. A two bedroom means there's barely room for a bed and small night stand. Oh, and the sliding glass doors will barely lock into the cracking plaster of the door header. If you expect security, don't. Also, the sliding glass doors are HEAVY. To finally lock one of ours, I needed my son to put his shoulder against the back frame and push so I could finally lock it into its flimsey catch in the frame. It would have been much better if the hotel had just provided a good dowel or broom stick, cut to the appropriate size to wedge into the slider, to secure it.The soundproofing pretty much sucks. Somehow it's kind of a gross-out to hear your upstairs neighbor peeing in the toilet as you're brushing your teeth.This place will nickel-and-dime you, too. Want more coffee? The first one is free, after that, you must buy it. Uh, no thanks, I'll go to Starbucks. Want to use the safe? $3.50\/day. Dude, if I could crawl into it, maybe I'd pay the ransom. As it is, nevermind, I'll sleep in my jewelry. Want to make phone calls? Eh-eh-eh! That'll cost ya! Use Skype or MSN Messenger Voice instead because you won't have a problem getting a broadband connection (see below).Their idea of a\/c is a crummy window unit in each of the rooms. And, their idea of a full kitchen is a tiny efficiency setup in what obviously used to be a closet. So you'll get a miniature 4-burner Tappan stove, a microwave the size of a shoe-box, an undercounter refrigerator, and enough silverware and dishes for 4 small people.All and all, I felt like a low-life, staying in this place and was grateful it was only for one night... and certainly not worth the $200 I paid.For all the time and energy it took to find parking and gain a slight feeling of security, I would have glady paid another 50 bucks to stay in a place with its own parking, along with a staff that took a course in hospitality. If you go there with a hot-looking heterosexual son, don't send him for the car after dark. He received plenty of attention... and not from the ladies because there weren't any.On the up side, there are sleazy apartments looking right into your lanai. Why is that good? Because a bunch of them have unsecured Wi-Fi. So if you want internet access, no problem, you'll easily find a connection. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2745,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2739}]}