{"text":"Poorly managed Hotel and Rude Staff I got a great rate at this hotel through a discount travel website, but by the end of my stay I felt I had paid too much. To begin with, I arrived late in the evening, and the fellow who checked me in to my room was incredibly rude. He was unable to get authorization on my credit card, and refused to let me into my room, and would offer no suggesting as to why the card wasn't working, except to say that perhaps I had no credit left-this was ridiculous, as I had over 拢1000 credit available. He wouldn't even tell me how much he was trying to authorise!! The fellow was unhelpful and rude, so I went next door to their sister property, and the young lady at their registration desk was very helpful. She explained to me that the fellow was trying to authorise on one cent on my card, which is why it was not working--one cent is less than one pence, so there was no way that would work. I went back to my hotel and asked the fellow to try again, but he refused, so returned to the other hotel, and the young lady charged my credit card for the amount of the entire stay, over 400 Euros, and accompanied me next door, where she produced the receipt, and instructed the fellow to give me my keys and let me into my room. The next ridiculous situation occurred a few days later--I was just out of the shower, getting ready to go to dinner and realised that I had locked the keys to my suitcase inside when I left earlier in the day! I slipped on the clothes I had been wearing all day, and ran down to the desk to ask for a screwdriver or other tool to break the lock--it wasn't substantial, but would require some tool or other to break. The front desk had not so much as a screwdriver available, and no access to any tools. Not even keys to a maintenance or housekeeping closet. The hotel next door was no help either, and in the end, I ended up visiting every hotel within 6 blocks before I found one that had an emergency tool kit at the registration desk. They kindly lent me a pair of pliers, and I returned it later in the evening with a promise to stay there when I returned to Frankfurt, which I intend to keep. The room at the colour hotel was neat and clean, but I found the staff unfriendly, and they seemed largely unconcerned with the two situations above, which I feel is a total shame...hotels should be havens for travellers, places where they can feel safe, relaxed, and looked after. I felt safe in the colour hotel, (despite its location--convenient for the train station, but smack in the middle of the red light district) and it was a quiet, comfortable room, but I felt a bit like an interloper the entire time--whenever I needed anything, the staff seemed annoyed at having to help me--even giving directions or restaurant suggestions seemed to be over-taxing. The Colour Hotel would be a fantastic place to stay if they had a complete revamp of their customer service policies, got a more friendly staff, and made sure the staff could access the housekeeping and maintenance areas of the hotel, in order to provide for the guests needs! ","annotations":[]}