{"text":"PLEASE READ THIS!!!!! Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel about 1 week ago. Lets just say we will not be returning to this hotel ever again. I suggest the Bahia Principe or the Barcelo hotels in Punta Cana after being able to see them and ask the guests staying their of their experience. Our Rooms were at the other end of the resort a 25 minute walk to the beach or a 5 min bus ride and 10 minute wait at the bus stops.Who wants to walk that far??? Our bed was so uncomfortable that i had bruises on both my hips at the end of our vacation from sleeping on my sides. Their was no bed skirt on the beds, and our king size bed had a double size sheet covering the mattress which means that half way through the night we would wake up directly onto the mattress. EWWW! How gross is that!2 0f the 3 pillow cases on the bed had been stained, and had not been changed all week.They sprayed our room with insecticide in the middle of our stay which isn't very healthy.On one night we lost power for over an hour and walked around in the pitch black with absolutely nothing to do and it was around 7pm?????The food was horrible at all the restaurants and was not clean at all. When I saw the way they washed the glasses I almost threw up!!! they dont even rinse them they simply empty them and re-use after each guest. I was so surprised!The service was shitty at the hotel, unless you tipped forget about ever getting any service what so ever. We arrived 20 mins early to the italian restaurant, not to mention that the restaurant had about 20 unused tables, they refused to serve us and said come back in 20 mins!!! What kind of customer service is that.We complained about our room to get it changed and they never did, our room had no clock or remote for the tv, and the towels were barely ever changed unless you crumpled them in a ball and threw them on the floor so they looked extra dirty.Please do not stay here! The Barcelo or the Bahia Principe is 1000 times better. The beach is great however so this post is not against Punta Cana but simply against this horrible hotel!!!STAY AWAY!!! ","annotations":[]}