{"text":"The worst hotel experience we've ever had. We were on a driving tour of Germany and made a two day stop in Frankfurt. We arrived around 11 p.m. on a Tuesday night, still recovering from jetlag. I walked into the lobby and stood at the front desk for a good few minutes before the desk clerk deigned to speak to me. I asked him if there was valet parking for the hotel. He gave me a dismissive wave of the hand and told me to find on-street parking. I again asked him if there was any parking for hotel guests and pulled out my reservation confirmation. After finally finding the parking garage (not exactly near the hotel) and dragging our luggage to the hotel, there was no computer record of my reservation. Another bored, not overly friendly desk clerk finally found our paperwork and checked us in. I am not even going to go into the details of the room, since other reviews here have already covered the major aspects (size, etc.).The following night, after a full day of sightseeing, we return to the hotel only to hear a loud thumping coming from the floor of our first floor room. Apparently our room was directly above the bar. Around 1 a.m. we called the front desk to ask how much longer the bar music was going to play. The clerk said that the bar was open all night, but that she would see if they could turn the music down. By two a.m., the music appeared to get LOUDER. We called the front desk again to see if there was any way we could exchange rooms. A different clerk answered the phone- he said there was nothing that could be done since the hotel was booked. He was rather rude and didn't even offer us earplugs (which would have only solved the noise problem...the bed was actually vibrating from the bass). We spoke to a manager prior to checking out in an effort to warn her about room 103 and about our experiences with the desk clerks. Although she superficially appeared to listen to our concerns, two sentences that she uttered suggested that she did not find our comments productive: what do you expect me to do now? and why are you telling me this- what do you want? I am not certain she was implying that we were complaining in an effort to get some part of our stay comped (incidentally, no concessions were even offered), but...on the positive side, there was free internet and the breakfast buffet was probably one of the best we had in Germany (and we stayed at a Ritz Carlton, and a Kempinski Four Seasons with their impressive breakfasts). Is the internet and breakfast worth the bad attitude, miniscule room, and subtly accusitory management? Definitely not for me. Our next stay in Frankfurt will not be at the Bristol Hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2441,"mention":"Four Seasons","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Four_Seasons_Restaurant"],"startOffset":2429}]}