{"text":"Good value, But First the good points. For what you get in Tokyo, this hotel is a good value for the money. I don't like to list what I paid because rates change all the time. However, for the dates I was there, the rate was good compared to other hotel's rates.The hotel is located in the Ikebukuro area of Tokyo. Not the top area, but plenty of shopping and restaurants around and centrally located to take the JR trains or Metro subway around tokyo.All the rooms will be upgraded by February 9th so they are all clean. The hotel employees are all friendly and very helpful.High speed internet is FREE!This hotel is one of the stops for drop-off and pick-up for the airport shuttle express.Now the bad. The room designs are just strange. The room size of the two single beds was bigger than the room with the queen bed and both at the same rate. (Check it out on the hotel web site) The room with the King bed is listed as the same size as the single beds but cost more. Even though I was traveling alone, I of course booked the single beds room.Big mistake! Decent size room, except the beds are the hardest I have slept on outside of China. (If you like hard beds, then this is a good point) After two nights I couldn't stand thinking I had three days to go. I asked for a room change to the King size bed because I saw the double size bed room, and it was indeed to small. They upgraded me without charge. (Another good point) While this bed was better, it still was the hardest outside of China. The big problem is even though the size of the room is the same larger size like the single beds size, it has a lot of wasted space, making it seem smaller than it acutually is. Shame on me for forgetting to take pictures. The writing desk is useless because its built into the wall and has no room to fit your legs under. There is a small round table with two chairs I was able to use for my computer. However, what's the point of a writing desk you can't use. The breakfast Buffet comes out too almost $22.00 U.S. Way overpriced for a Crowne Plaza. Never tried it. Many places for breakfast across the street at the Metropolitian Plaza.So it's up to you. I would stay here again depending on my budget. I'm taking a final blowout three week vacation and am saving my money for nicer hotels in the cities where they would be much cheaper than Tokyo. One further point. I don't want to sound like a stuck up traveler and I know many people don't stay at a lot of hotels every year. HOWEVER, PLEASE do not call this a 4 or 5 star hotel! Crowne Plaza's are ritzed up Holiday Inns. 3-31\/2 stars at most. (Unless there's one out there I don't know about. Very possible) Anyhow, this hotel does NOT have a concierge, seperate shower, turn down service, etc. Nothing wrong with that though, it's not supposed too.5 star hotels are Ritz Carleton's, Four Seasons', Peninsula's, etc4 star hotels are Westin's, Shereton's, Hyatts', etc. (Though depending on franchises, they can be higher or lower).Thats my rant for now. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2856,"mention":"Four Seasons","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Four_Seasons_Restaurant"],"startOffset":2844}]}