{"text":"A Good Choice in Venice We returned from Venice and the Hotel Antiche Figure a week or so ago, and as we found all the excellent hotels by using TA I thought I should at a miniumum add my review - I'm glad to for this very nice hotel.I chose the Antiche Figure after browsing TA for a reasonably priced (by summer Venice standards!) hotel that sounded like a good match for myself, wife and 11 year old daughter. The high rankings of the Antiche Figure made me book a room.Venice was the last stop on our Italy vacation and by the time we arrived we were dragging a bit - the proximity to the train station (where we arrived) was a BIG plus, as was the warm welcome of the front desk staff. (It should be noted, however, that even though the hotel is a short bridge crossing from the train station, the bridge has no ramps - you'll have to 'lug' your luggage up and down stairs. No slight on the hotel, of course, but older travelers may want to know this).As stated the front desk staff was friendly and professional througout our stay - they took the time to welcome us each time we entered, and spent a long time orienting us to Venice when we first arrived.The room we received was the smallest of the four we stayed at in Italy, and looked out on an alley rather than the Grand Canal. Although I'd asked and hoped for a front-facing room I was told (or interpreted from the web site?) that if you have more than 2 persons the rooms don't face the front (don't take this as absolute - I *think* this is the case). Our alley-facing room was not a surprise, but I would have preferred and paid for a front-facing room if it had been available.It was clear that the room we got, with a 'matrimonial bed' (two twins pushed together) and another twin for our daughter, was originally designed for just the matrimonial bed. The large bed was pushed out of alignment with the headboard (attached to the wall), and one side bedstand had been turned sideways so they could stuff the extra twin in. This made the drawers on the bedstand useless (they were blocked) and the extra twin blocked what would have been the desk area. Not a great setup but we didn't let it spoil our stay (perhaps we should have complained?). As long as we coordinated our movements through the room all was OK.The hotel is far from St. Marks, but as Venice is small and I enjoy the vaporettos anyway this wasn't really a negative - could have been a plus due to the relative quiet. On the other hand the hotel is very close to the train station (as noted), a major water taxi stand, and the Roma (?) parking lot\/bus stand which we used for transportation to the airport.The hotel breakfast was standard Italian and was offered both inside and out on the patio - a nice touch. My wife and I found food we liked but they could probably provide a few different items for children (pre-sweetened cereal, for instance). A free computer with Internet access is available across from the front desk - though with just 1 computer we could have had problems waiting we didn't have this happen during our brief checks of email.I would recommend this hotel to others who like its convenience, and would suggest that time is taken to clarify just what kind of room you receive in advance, so as to assuage any disappointment. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2740,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2736}]}