{"text":"Beautiful property but Huge disappointment  My family  I just returned from a 7 day stay on the Tropical side of the resort. We'll NEVER go back! We have stayed @ other all-incl resorts before so what we found came as quite a shock. I have NEVER seen a resort where money truely did talk! After reading one of the other reviews I find myself wondering if we may have gotten better rooms if we had offer a bribe to the receptionist as well! We paid a significant cost for our room (which we didn't end up with)  were unaware that flashing cash would get us ANYTHING we wanted  get it 1st. This sickens me beyond belief! I feel bad they probably don't earn much for the work they do but perhaps they should make it a little less apparent tipping is everything.We arrived @ the hotel to be greeted by a 2HR check-in!! All we got told want a problem with our res existed but not what the problem was. We had been given adjoining rooms in the 04 villa but ended up as an afterthought in the 19 villa. The rooms were in rough shape  need some updates\/repairs. There was constnt smell of feces in the bathrooms  beds like a stone! We decided to listen to the vaca pkg presentation knowing it was designed to try to sell us something. What we got was told how we were considered 2nd class  got only 2nd class because we didn't choose their ROYAL SERVICE option. Man is this a way to sell something! Point out what is wrong with the level they could afford for the sake a sale! Remember we already felt like an afterthought because of check-in. The food was satisfactory in quality. The restaurant selections were pretty good over all but far more of a headache than necessary to get a table (perhaps money would have helped here too!). The place we enjoyed the most for quality of food  service it would be the Capri Restaurant. However, the buffets lacked greatly in variety. If you had the VIP level your buffets were laid out in a a\/c'd  closed in room v. the open plan of our side. I'm sure this would have prevented the sharing (without knowing) of bagels, breads,  rolls. Service was a disappointment (with the excpetion of the waitor @ the Capri)!!!! They were friendly but slow. My children would order a drink and it would more than likely be almost the end of the meal before it arrived. If you have a life threatening food allergy not commonly seen (tomato) expect trouble. The language barrier was most difficult during these times. God help you if you ask what is in something  not all the ingredients are listed.Our youngest child loved her camp activities but our 2 older ones had a terrible time. To find out the activities either day or night too massive amounts of work. If you are the type who was there to party then you had no problems. The pools  beaches were beautiful but not enough covered seating (needed to be there by 5-6am). Not good for those far away from either as we ended up!! The spa was okay but again language problems. It's not the most comfortable to sit there knowing you are being discussed but not fully understanding. Hey, could be helpful to have your manicurist understand the word OUCH!!!! They hacked up my daughter's cuticals  she is now waiting for them to heal what she got was oops, don't tell boss!!!In closing, this was our last visit to this resort  pening tell others to avoid it. If you have already booked your stay  cannot get out of it I suggest upgrading to VIP if you can afford it or expect things to go bad. Avoid the presentation unless you want to feel stupid for wanting to research things before ou hand over a huge amount of your hard earned cash  have the 2nd class status reinforced. If the review I read if correct then bring lots of small bills to buy your way to anything you want (better room, better service,  better experience) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2052,"mention":"bagels","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bagel"],"startOffset":2046},{"endOffset":2060,"mention":"breads","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":2054}]}