{"text":"Worst service ever! I have been to all inclusive resorts in DR before and by far this is the worst when it comes to customer service. We stayed here for a wedding and there were a lot of us. First of all when we arrived and checked in they told us that they upgraded us because of the inconvience of having to stay in a room for one night and then we had to arrange the next day to be moved to our reserved location. I had called ahead of time to request a crib be placed into our room. I was assured that they always include it when they know a baby is traveling. Well of course the room had no crib and then we had to call several times to make sure someone showed up. It took hours!!!After we checked in and got to our room, it was around 5pm and we were starving! We asked several people where they were serving food and when we went to see if food was available everything was closed until 6:30pm and then I found out we had to make dinner reservations! Dinner reservations at an all inclusive resort what's up with that????!!! They have open buffets, no reservation needed, but I found this out a few hours later!This place is way too big, and you have to take a trolley like car to get to different parts of the hotel. There are also different levels of service (wrist bands are different colors) which limit where you can make dinner reservations. Since we had the platinum, we did not have a problem, but we did not know this ahead of time.The next day when we went to change our rooms, I waited at the front desk for about 3 hours, constantly having to harass the staff asking, WHAT AM I WAITING FOR.....WHERE IS MY ROOM, WHAT IS GOING ON...NO ONE WOULD ANSWER MY QUESTION, staff would disappear in the office and then would not come back with an answer. The wedding guests filled the lobby, very pissed off and I was one of them, with a hungry cranky baby on my hands. I was almost to tears, and someone nearby was crying she was so frustrated. All we wanted was an answer, if the room was not ready, tell us that and tell us the time it would be so we could enjoy our time there rather than getting frustrated with the resort staff. This resort does not know what customer service means.Then when we get to the room it was clean  nice and had no crib. My husband called to request for one and we waited for an hour. When he called again, they hung up on him. What hotel staff hangs up on a guest!!!! He asked very nicely and was treated very poorly.I would never, ever recommend this resort. The worst part is they tried to buy us out at the end. They offered us a free stay there again in the future. Exceptions: you couldn't use it during a holiday and during black out dates. When I asked what black out dates meant, they couldn't\/didn't answer. We told them no thank you.Please do not give this place your money. Worst service ever! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2246,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2242}]}