{"text":"Info That You Need To Know Before You Go. We stayed at Iberostar Dominicana the first week of April,2008.We booked our trip through Apple Vacations.It was great.The direct flight was on USA 3000. The hotel was ok with easy check-in. The room was nice,but it had a moldy smell. The grounds of the hotel are very beautiful.The pool was just OK:very crowded with not enough chairs.Reserve your chairs early. The best part of the hotel is the beach. Very clean with white sand and prestine waters. Food: it was a lot of food,but it was very average.The service staff is not that friendly at all. Nobody even says hello to you unless you say it first.You can give them a tip,but it does not change anything. You have to book your a la carte restaurants early when you arive.If you stay 7 days you will get only three restaurants. It is very hard to get the better ones because they are waiting for a bribe(a tip). They are saying that the restaurants are booked fully,but they are empty. DO NOT GIVE a tip for getting a reservation because it's not worth it.The food at the restaurants are not that great,the service is the same as in the buffets.Even the lobster placeLA SIBILA was not great. Entertaiment was very cheap and tacky. Now I want to share very important information about excursions: there are a lot of excursions that you can book. Book with your agent. We took a trip to Santo Domingo. It was a very good trip :informative and interesting.Though very long. We also went to Saona Island. It was very crowded and bad food there. Save your money.It was't worth the money.When we arived to a fishing village to get on the speed boats we were met by a man with a video camera.Our travel guide introduced him to us as our papparazi.His name was ALBERTO He video taped everybody on the catamaran,speed boats and the island.On the island he offered everybody to buy his video about our trip.We agreed to buy it for $40.00 and he asked us to give him a tip too.Then he video taped us more since we agreed to buy the tape. The next day the DVD was delivered to our hotel. VERY IMPORTANT: DO NOT BUY ANY DVDs or music CDs on the catamaran or anywhere else. They are scam artists .Alberto represented a company named FILMACIONES TROPICALES. The DVD was very bad quality with some old movie about Dominican Rep.and only few moments from our trip. We (my husband and me) were not on the DVD at all. SAVE THE MONEY: DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM LOCALS. We bougth a music CD on the catamaran:it said Bachata music.But it was a bad quality Julio Igliasias music. We trusted the people because travel guide from AMSTAR said it was OK to buy. So a few bad local people ruined our image about Dominican Republic. We chose Dominican republic for our vacation for two years in the row. This was our last trip there. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":467,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":462}]}