{"text":"Good place for the value Pros: great a la carte restaurants, compared to what we have seen in other comparable Punta Cana hotels, the best in my opinion was the french restaurant, japanese was not bad, but we felt a little rushed in there and the rice was overcooked, the italian one is not bad, but really overrated. We had heard so much about it and had to wait till our last night there to eat in it, but it was not all that, the service, for example, was so much better at the french and mediterranean restaurants. The beach was really nice, as is typical for Punta Cana resorts. Since we do not really like the shows in Punta Cana, such as The Michael Jackson or other Cabaret style shows due to their poor quality, we really liked the fact that this hotel had a piano player in the hotel lobby every night, who sang really well, and we just sat there relaxed, drinking mama juana, which is what they call a vitamin drink or local viagara. The rooms were absolutely wonderful, but the walls are kind of thin. No problem with beach chairs like in Riu Bambu, for example, where you had to wake up at 6 A.M. and reserve the beach chairs by putting towels on them. Here, there are more than enough of them. Cons: huge property, cannot walk from one end to another without taking a ride in one of the cars, which emit a very unpleasant odor from diesel fuel. I had to hold my breath in order not to enhale the toxins. Water bugs in the buffet and in the first floor hotel rooms. I guess this is OK for a tropical island, but you kind of don't want to see it there anyway (we've seen them in Riu Bambu too). We also saw mice running near the hotel lobby, not a pretty sight. They don't know how to make drinks very well in D.R., so I suggest to drink cognac, wine, or something that comes straight out of the bottle with no mixing involved. Big inconvinience are the card keys to get into your hotel room. Although they give you 2, one doesn't work almost right away and the other on the second day, so you can't get into your room when you need to and must wait for some one to come and let you in. There was no TV remote control in one of my relative's rooms. Stone and marble floors in the hotel rooms are very slippery, so be careful. No protective screen on the balcony door, so you can't keep the balcony door open while you sleep, because all the bugs are going to fly in. I have never seen a caribbean hotel room with no screen.All in all, it was nice, much better than Riu Bambu, where the food is terrible. For people who have never been to the D.R., but have been to Aruba, Hawaii and other nicer islands, don't expect a 5 star hotel to be really a 5 star hotel. Don't forget that you are paying 3 times less to vacation there, so it is not that bad for the price. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1756,"mention":"cognac","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cognac"],"startOffset":1750}]}