{"text":"This is the review to read! If you have not stayed in a 5 star resort before.......Then you will love this place!. If you have stayed in a 5 star resort then it may see disappointing at first but It is a beautiful location and the beach really is second to none. You must remember that this is not a rich country so expect some differences. TIP - you will be given a room in the lower blocks upon arrival (stay there one night the beds are actually quite comfy) then the next day during your orientation complain that your room isn't up to your standards and they will give you a much nicer room in the higher blocks. However if you do like your room and a comfy bed and being close to everything is important than just stay put because while blocks 8-11 are nicer rooms the beds are hard are there is construction next door. The rooms will always have a damp feel it is not the hotel it is simply the climate so just try to keep sliding door open while you are in the room and it should help. Bring washcloths** they dont see to have any and it is definatley something you will want. Tip people who do nice things for you ie: maid, bartenders and waiters who give extraordinary service they will remember and it will insure prompt service the whole trip.The vendor selling things will ask a much higher price off the bat so barter with the you can usually get it for 1\/3 the asking price. They are persistent at ties especially on the vendor night but by being polite and simply saying no and keep walking you wont have too much trouble ( they are poor ppl and this is how they make a living) .The drinks are great again dont expect to have name brand alcohol but the generic brands are good and there are so many drinks to choose from ( again your in there country dont expect them to have everything your accustom to, enjoy yourself) Overall the food is alright and does seem to get better as the week progresses. WINDOWS BUFFET is mediocre but you can find some tasty food there. This isn't 5 star so dont expect 5 star food . As for people complaining of no air in the restaurants they have huge fans and you are going to a hot country its going to be hot deal with it. Sitting inside the restaurant helps with any insects that might come along they seem to like the patio more.BOTTOM LINE: If you expect too much or think too highly of yourself yes you will feel somewhat disappointed. If you just want a relaxing fun week in the sun then its a good choice. ","annotations":[]}