{"text":"Could have been better We stayed here for 3 nights during our honeymoon. The hotel is in a great location and is a beautiful building. However they seem to rely on their historic hotel designation way too much, as the hotel is very expensive but the rooms and management leave a lot to be desired. The management was not very helpful when we encountered a problem with our room. Also, housekeeping does a subpar job - i don't think they clean the toilets very frequently.We were in a queen deluxe room for $300 (plus tax), although that was the smallest queen bed i have ever seen and my husband and i couldn't fit in the bathroom together (and we are fairly slender people). The first room we were in, which I was told no less than 75 times was their model room (i still have no idea why), had this extremely annoying banging noise coming out of the AC duct that happened every 30 seconds or so (with the AC on or off). We complained that night, were told they had no rooms in our rate, so to check back tomorrow. The banging continued all night, so we complained again the next morning and were told they would send an engineer to look at it and if they couldn't fix it we could switch rooms. When we checked back at 5pm, we were told that the engineer sat in the room for 30 minutes and never heard it. The manager acted liked we were making it up, which is always a nice attitude. She told us that if we still heard it when we went back, she would switch our room. Of course, within 1 minute of being in the room, we heard it. After making the manager and their engineer come to the room with us, they also heard it within a minute or 2. Then the engineer said Yeah, I have heard that before, just not today. And you didn't try to fix it last time? Excellent work ethic. They did switch us to another room, which was very quiet. Upon checkout, when we saw that we were billed the full rate for the first night, we complained to the manager on duty (same one as before, lucky us). We didn't want the room for free, but considering the aggravation I felt a little customer coddling was in order. She was clearly annoyed that we were bothering her again and before I even completed my sentence she said she would give us 30% off the rate. That's all I wanted. Well, with a little less attitude. Bottom line - its a very unique building with a gorgeous patio inside (excellent breakfast at their restaurant), and they have a complimentary wine\/cheese thing which was lovely, but the management and housekeeping could use some serious work. It was certainly not terrible, but was far from stellar and its WAY too expensive considering the problems, no matter how much free cheese you give me. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1374,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1370}]}