{"text":"Depends on what your looking for..... I stay at this hotel often at least a week a month (have too for business reasons), the rooms are adequate but refrain from staying here at weekends, they do not have enough staff it seems ever so expect lines on checkin and no help with baggage! They have a spanishstyle disco on site until 5am in the morning which keeps everyone awake up to the 5th floor so if your hoping for some peace forget it unless your high up. During the evenings at weekends the hotel is frequented by unsavoury charecters often drunk and disorderly so if you have children I wouldn't advise staying here.The front desk staff are unpleasant and constantly have errors with my bookings despite presenting them with evidence of the confirmation. The food at this hotel is basic and ok but you are not allowed to take food to go 'Hotel Policy' which they only tell you after you pay. The service staff always get the orders wrong most cannot speak english correctly and you have to wait too long to get what you ordered.Taxi's do not like to come to this hotel so you then have to book their own transportation so if you are visiting on vacation I suggestcar hire.The telephones in the room beep annoyingly and flash it's supposed to indicate that you have a message but sometimes you do not and the phone continues to beep and flash which requires maintanance to fix??? This has happened to me at least 5 times at this hotel and while the phone is like this you will not recieve any incoming phone calls, I have missed many important calls because of this and have totake the phone off the hook in order to sleep. Do not expect a quick fix for anything at this hotel it normally takes 2 days. The beds come with sheets not duvet and are old, don't expect comfort.The decor is dated and carpets need total replacement. The good thingabout this hotel is the close proximity to the mall its only across the street and there is a 24hr walmart in walking distance. The pool is lovely but I never see anyone in it, there is no bar service while around the pool.There are no washing machines so expect to send clothes for cleaning and it is pricey. If I had a choice I would not choose this hotel. ","annotations":[]}