{"text":"Tropical Paradise After reading so many reviews, good and bad, I was having doubts about choosing this hotel and if we had made a mistake by booking a two week holiday to this resort. Well I'm so glad we did! What a paradise! The Beach: We've travelled quite a bit as a couple and as a family, been to many places in the carribean and I have to say I'm always impressed with the pools and grounds more than I am about the beach...But let me tell you, the beach at the RIU has to be the most beautiful beach I've seen. Palm trees everywhere and enough sun loungers for everyone.Hotel Grounds: Very well kept, clean to the max. No mosquitos, charming pools.Rooms: Extremely clean but small and a little outdated; could get renovated a bit especially the standard room bathrooms but overall, comfortable enough for a family of 4. Closet space is quite big I must admit. Mini Bar always refilled. Staff: Sooo friendly. Try getting a couple of Spanish words in a conversation, they will appreciate the effort. These people work very hard for the few bucks they get, a few dollars for tipping during your stay will be appreciated I can assure you.Food: Buffet food seems to be repetitive; however, during our two weeks we did not find that the same recipes were being served except for the two theme dinners that are the same every week. I'm no fussy eater and really enjoyed the food, well cooked and hot. For Dinner in the main dinning room, they have two seattings, one at 6:30 and the other one around 8:30. The food is fresh and hot for the first seatting and is being replaced for the second seatting, so it's quite safe. My husband is a picky eater and was impressed with the buffet. The 脿 la carte restaurants were not a winner with us, but remember you are in DR, it is a third world country, besides, you are on holidays, relax and enjoy, at least you didn't have to cook and do the dishes for that matter!!!Entertainment: These guys are so energetic, they must work at least 12 or 14 hours a day and believe me when they sing along the song I love my Job I seriously think they mean it!! They might not be Las Vegas Show category but they deserve recognition. They love the tourists and they really aim to please and want you to have a good time without harassing you. Well this being said and done, if you ever hear about the song I want to go... I want to go to RIU You'll understand why!We are going back in two days for another two week stay, hopefuly, I'll have another great review to write upon my return and not a year later like this one!Remember the name RIU BAMBU when you book your next vacation and just remember, RELAX, SIT BACK AND ENJOY! ","annotations":[]}