{"text":"A true aussie hotel under an American brand I recently spent six nights at the Westin Hotel in Sydney. After reading through mixed reviews on this website, I went ahead with my booking because , well, there does not seem to be any better choices in Sydney. Each luxury hotel in the city has its own issues, be it a small-sized standard room, or poor management, or both. Oh, did I forget to mention the famous heavenly bed at the Westin? The heavenly bed was indeed from the other world. The choices of pillows were fantastic as well. We booked an superior room on the executive floor, which is a bit on the smaller side (probably smaller than my ideal size of 45 sqm). View was standard city view into other office towers. Our Bathroom has a rainshower stall and a deep soaking tub.The executive lounge is located on the 28th floor of the hotel. The size of the lounge is again small and it can get crowded during breakfast time. The lounge serves a small buffet breakfast with a few hot items and evening drinks and hors d'oeuvres. Unlike a few other club-level lounges we patroned, it is up to the individual waiter\/waitress whether they would give you a bottle of water outside the lounge for your sight-seeing during the day. As one waiter put it we only allow you to consume our food and beverages within the lounge. On a number of occasions, we saw people sneaking food and drinks out under the cover of their newspaper.Services were spotty and in accordance with the relaxed attitude of Australian culture, as advised by one popular travel book. The front desk staff denied my membership entitlement to upgrade to a preferred room and stated the room I reserved for was a preferred room already. Housekeeping was forgetful about replacing toothbrushes and other vanity items. One conciege staff did not know how to go to the Fish Market via public transport. The list can go on, but you get the point.Overall, Westin Sydney has the hardware and brand name of a five star hotel and service of a 3 star. Next time, maybe I will try the Marriott in Circular Quay or get a service apartment instead. ","annotations":[]}