{"text":"NoGo SoHo I'm not the kind of person who normally complains but for these guys I'm going to make an exception. The treatment received from this hotel would have been disgraceful if it was from a back street doss house let alone an establishment masquerading as one of Toronto's top hotels. My little sister was traveling from Dublin to Toronto with her boyfriend and after she experienced huge delays in her flight my mother and I decided to treat her by booking her into what we had heard was a superior quality hotel. We rang the hotel directly and booked them in for 11 nights - the hotel staff asked us to send over scanned copies of our credit card details and photo id which we duly did and I confirmed by email and phone that everything was fine. When my sister arrived at the hotel they explained to her she needed to pay C$600 which would be returned to her as soon as the credit card was validated. The following morning my sister was told that the hotel had still not received the required documentation from us. I called the duty manager who again confirmed they had received the documents but that now our credit card hadn't worked. We went through the details again and they confirmed that the credit card had now worked and all was in order.The next day I had an email from the hotel asking to contact them - and again they told me that the credit card hadn't worked even though they'd confirmed it had the previous night! They asked us to wire money directly to them - we decided we'd wire money directly to my sister and she could pay them cash. For some strange reason the price we were being quoted now jumped up dramatically from our original booking. We also discovered that our credit card which the SoHo not been able to use had been charged nearly C$3,000 and my sister still had not received back her C$600 deposit. At this point we asked the hotel to deal directly with us as our sister was very stressed about the whole event and this was her first holiday since our father died earlier this year. We advised she would not be staying for the full 11 days and would be checking out 24 hours later as we'd had enough. When my sister and her boyfriend returned to their room the night they were due to check out they found their room had been locked and the hotel were demanding cash payment that night before they'd let them back in. They had to persuade the staff to let them back into the room so they could get the cash out of their safe to pay. Overall about C$1,800 for 4 nights accommodation (breakfast not included) and the privilege of been treated like criminals. I haven't been to Toronto before, but if this is what passes for 5 star service in Canada I think I'm going to head over there an open an hotel because even though I've had no training I couldn't fail to beat the inefficient and downright offensive treatment my sister received. Oh, and as of today our credit card still hasn't been refunded the charge.Orla Jennings - Dublin ","annotations":[]}