{"text":"It is not worth the money you pay The problem with using hotwire to book a hotel is that you never know what you are getting. When I arrived at H10 Barcelona Marina Hotel I realized that the stars are not a good indicator of how good this hotel will be. This hotel has four stars, so I expected a really nice hotel with lots of amenities in a really nice place (I think the nicer the area the more you pay for it, and this was certainly not cheap by any means). Well, the area is disgusting. Hotwire said that it was in Ramblas, it is not, it is nowhere near Ramblas. There is also no description of the area in the hotel's website or on hotwire. The view from my window is a dumpster, literaly. It is a yard full of trash where there are homeless people living in plastic homes attached to the hotel (no kidding, it is a plastic cover that is held on to the side of the hotel). There are kids that live there (they look like homeless immigrants). These kids somehow can afford spray cans and so they spend most of the day painting graffitti on the walls all around the hotel. As you exit the hotel there is a big sign that was painted on by the lovely homeless neighbors and it says [--]. If you have a translator you'll understand. When I complained to the manager about the graffitti and the terrible view she said that they could do nothing about the surroundings of the hotel. I find it hard to believe that as much as they charged for my two rooms the hotel cannot afford a brush and some paint and do something about the trash all around it. The room is nothing special by any means, the hotel seems remodeled but it is still old so our sink did not work and the furniture and lamps are overused and ugly. The beds are tiny twin beds and very hard. The breakfast is 17 euros per person, which turns out to be more than the room is worth. The indoors pool is 14 euros per person and for a one time use. Overall, you have to pay for anything they offer, except their crappy internet that only works every so often. In conclusion, were we come from (Florida), I would not stay in a hotel in an area like this, or even walk in an area like this one. When I explained this to the manager she said that the whole of Barcelona looks like this, and she was not kidding. Everywhere we went it smelled like sewers, piss, and dog crap. The houses look dirty and delapitated and it seems like the whole town ran out of paint because everything looks old and dirty. Everything is expensive and the only pretty parts are under constructions (including the cathedrals) so the pictures you take are of cranes in front of the buildings. From my experience at this hotel, I plan on booking my hotel rooms from other websites like orbitz where they show you what you'll get before you pay for it, and best of all, they do allow you to cancel and even refund you (unlike Orbitz). Definitely read all reviews you can find before getting there, and please post reviews about all hotels you stay in so that others know what they are paying for. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":308,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":304},{"endOffset":354,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":350}]}