{"text":"Great Place- Mar 4th to the 8th Just got home and had a great five day stay. The resort is spotless and very clean. The food is good. The TEX-MAX is the best and the Italian is good. However, the buffet always had things everyone can like. We had a choice of either the Pescador or La Cava. Unfortunately we picked the Pescador which is a very limited menu. If you do not like shell fish. This is not the place for you. We had a very enjoyable meal at the Sombero, Mexican Restaurant, at the Caribe. Remember you can go to any other Princess Hotel to eat and they can't come to the Punta Cana Princess. The real joy is the adults only. Just go to the other hotels and you will run back to this one. We had a problem with check in. Apparently they overbooked and told us that we were cancelled. No one told us about this. However, once we showed them our paid vouchers they got us a room in a hour or so. While this was in building 2 at least it was on the second floor. Everyone says that building 3, 4  5. are the best. Unfortunately unlike airlines when you are overbooked you get upgraded this did not happen to us. However, the rooms are all the same and the cleanliness makes up for alot of things. They are constantly cleanning. Now for some tips. Definitely, get the VIP. The price is worth it. You get the beds on the beach in your own area. It is the envy of everyone. You get premimum liquors and a choice of specality restaurant. Plus many more things like internet, turn down bed services etc. Thanks for the reviewer who let us know about wash clothes. They do not have any. The natives don't use them. Glad we brought our own. The beach is beautiful and the resort is the envy of all other resorts at Punta Cana. The house wine was a disappointment. They wanted 6 times the market to purchase for named wines. They really need someone to teach them about wines. Watch your luggage on the way home. The bell captain put ours on the wrong bus and we had to have him get it back for us. We were lucky that they returned with it. Bring alot of singels and use them. They are very appreciative of a dollar or two tip. We brought a hundred of them and didn't bring many home. I know that it will be harder to make reservations here again with all the good reviews but they deserve it. We had great weather and only rained one evening. The entertainment was to loud and appeared to cater to a younger crowd. ","annotations":[]}