{"text":"loved the resort, but very disappointed with Dava and customer service We stayed at the Ritz Carlton Jimbaran Bay for 2 nights as part of our honeymoon. As soon as we arrived, we were very impressed with the resort. The grounds were very nice and the pools were gorgeous, especially the infinity oceanfront pool. We upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite and it was very spacious.However, our vacation was basically ruined because on the 2nd night, we had the tasting menu at Dava Restaurant, which is supposedly their best restaurant. Both of us came down with horrible food poisoning that night. The next day we needed to check out, and I told customer service that we got sick from the Dava dinner. They did not take my complaint very seriously. All they offered was some carbonated drinks and a free cab ride to the airport. I could not believe that was the treatment we got at a 5 star hotel, especially since they could see that we were still very ill. So I refused to settle the bill until the best they would give me was 30% back from the dinner check. After I returned home, I wrote a complaint letter, which was addressed by a manager at the Bali resort, as well as corporate customer service. But I am still disappointed that I had to go through so much effort just to get some sort of reimbursement for the hotel making us horribly sick. I will also add that one afternoon while taking a shower, the cold water cut out and we were suddenly scalded by hot water. They did fix this, but I do not understand how this happened either. The food at the restaurants is mediocre at best. We had our first dinner at Padi Restaurant, and the thai food was no better than an average thai restuarant. The food at Dava was ironically not very good at all. The breakfast buffet has a pretty extensive selection and many fresh fruits. We liked the Martini Club, the drinks were interesting and the bar was beautifully designed.As I said before, the pools are wonderful, and definitely the highlight of our stay there. The private beach that you take a shuttle to is also very nice, but you must climb down many flights of stairs to reach the beach, and it is quite a workout to walk back up the stairs to leave. At least there is a person waiting at the top of the steps to give you a bottle of water and call the shuttle for you.I agree with a previous post that the charge for internet is pretty steep. Overall, a decent stay if we had not gotten food poisoned, but not the 5 star experience I expected. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1848,"mention":"Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1844}]}