{"text":"Stay away - I'm very serious Folks, I am not from New York and I'm not your typical cluless American traveling abroad, in fact I'm quite patient and laidback but for the first time since I have been traveling beyond the perimeter of the USA borders for over 30 years, I have never, ever been as disappointed by a place like this hotel, this resort and the management. I will try to be as open minded and brief as possible in categories:CHECK-IN; there is absolutely no control or knowledge of checking customers in. It is almost like what is available we'll give you. Forget making any specific reservations, they'll give you what they want. Also it would be nice if the personnel within there own complex knew the rates and availabilty of rooms within there own complex.BEACH: I have to admit that this has one of the nicest and most spread out beaches that I have ever seen. Of course there is hardly any management of the beach. Who in there right mind would start sweeping the seaweed at 1:30 in the afternoon. Also there is no where to hide in case of a passing rain cloud.FOOD: The same, the same and the same. We were there for New Years eve, supposedly special evening, the same food as in the restaurants and as in the buffet. The only nice restaurant was the Mexican, it's air conditioned and run very efficiently. By the way, the long pants for men thing, they don't care, you can show up in shorts, they don't care. Food is the same every day.ROOMS: lets see, first room had ants, toilet didn't work and door didn't close. Worse was that there janitor signed off that he fixed the toilet. I took the front desk manager and had to show him personally that it wasn't fixed. Gave us another room, on another floor and one of these take it or leave it attitudes.PERSONNEL: I always liked the Dominicans but at these Barcelo resorts either they are uneducated, untrained or haven't been paid in a while. They were rude, not helpful and hardly any of them spoke English. I realize its there country I am in but if you are a 4 or 5 star resort then your key personnel should speak, English, French, German and obviously Spanish.COMPLEX; Barcelo complex is made up of 5 resorts I belive; Palace (there God resort), Beach is next, then there is Caribe, Golf and Casino. Each resort is about a 5 to 10 minute walk from each other or you can take there ever slow trolley system. I belive this complex was once the jewel of resorts but management is cashing in on there investments. There aren't any capital improvements being made and the grounds are starting to show that.MANAGEMENT; On one of the evenings one of the directors from Barcelo was surrounded by angry customers who had valid complaints, what does he do, he calls the probably paid off local authorities and surrounds himself with police bodyguards. Trust me that is there crisis management. There was a female attorney from Venezuela laying into this guy, but with his Latino muchismo he just blew her off. Isn't the customer the one who is suppose to be taken care of, THEY DON'T CARE, as long as you have planeloads of people coming from France, Columbia, Venzuela, Eastern Europe and some Canadians, they really don't care.CONCLUSION; I have to admit that we were in the minority. I could have counted on one hand how many Americans there were. Now I know why, please don't try to be a contrarian, save your money and go elsewhere. Unfortunately I started at the top, which are the Iberostar resorts, that to me is Number 1, then you have resorts like the Gala's, Paridisus, Catolonia, but stay away from Barcelo. There are many more small details like internet service, there shows, housekeeping, refill of the fridges, etc. Email me and I'll fill you in, however, stay away from this resort complex because in all honesty they want your money and they do not provide any service and there accomodations are dated. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1249,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1245},{"endOffset":2198,"mention":"Palace","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_New_York_Palace_Hotel"],"startOffset":2192}]}