{"text":"Great VK, would go back, great for kids. At first, I was a little put off by the resort welcome staff as our room was not ready and we had to wait app. 3 hours. I was with my 3 year old and 6 month baby so three hours is a long wait. We also went with a couple with three kids, 7, 5 and 1. All the kids just wanted to get to the pool and they kept telling us 15 mins. However, after a little yelling we finally got our room and it was nice. Clean, pleasant smelling and definetely comfortable beds. Enough space for the 4 of us. Our crib came up right away as well. We only attended the two buffet restaurants which were nice. The resort staff could have been a little bit more pleasant but overall they were friendly. Just a couple of bad ones (which happens everywhere),The pools were fantastic. I don't think the kids got out of the pool from 10 am to 5 pm. They were clean and big. The walk up to the deep end is gradual and the kids can walk a long way before it was over their heads. Beach was nice as well. They could do with a few more cabanas on both the beach and pool but not everyone wants the shade. If you put your towel on the benches beside a cabana when you wake up before breakfast you are sure to have one for the entire day. The pool bar is not that friendly. I was not impressed with that and the music they played was a little inappropriate for the kids. Quite a lot of f words. Europeans going topless at the pool, but not that many.If you get a chance, do the carribbean festival tour. We swam with sharks and got to hold sting rays. Really awesome. We tipped the cleaner in our room 2-3 dollars a day and got excellent service, including our room being cleaned in the morning bright and early opposed to late afternoon. The shows were also really good. Never made it to the Casino. One thing, if you have small kids definitelydo not get a room in either E or F in the odd numbers as it is really loud until 11:30 p.m.We got this vk on a really good deal and it was even better than we expected. If you want cheap souvenirs go to Julio's cabin on the beach which is the first cabin. He is great and gives good prices. Don't be bullied because they start high but you can talk them down. He wanted one statue for 25 and I got 4 of them for 25. Don't be shy.Can't complain about much, loved it and the weather was great. Definitely would return in a heart beat. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1551,"mention":"sting","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sting_Energy_Drink"],"startOffset":1546}]}