{"text":"Absolutely Fantastic! My husband and I have just returned from a trip to Hong Kong. We stayed 4 nights at the Island Shangri-La and it could not be faulted. We are not business travellers, just leisure travellers used to staying in good quality hotels and have visited two Shangri Las previously - Kuala Lumpur and Kota Kinabulu.Everything was efficient. Check in was swift and took place in our room (5310). We were called by our names from the word go and everyone was friendly and helpful especially the concierge staff who helped us plan much of our sight seeing. The position was excellent for sight seeing - ice cold taxis only charged a 拢1.00 to get us to the star ferry. The hotel had a link to the shopping mall below. The access to the Peak was a short walk through Hong Kong Park at the rear of the hotel. We chose not to eat at the hotel as we like to go out to eat and the restaurants were very expensive. We had breakfast included at Cafe Too which was amazing - spoilt for choice! The pool did have a city scape but that was attractive in itself as the architecture is all part of the excitement of Hong Kong, so we didn't mind at all.We loved our room. We could sit for hours looking ( a long way )down to the harbour below counting star ferries! Very dramatic at night time. We loved the touches in the room like the i-pod speaker stand; the day and night electric curtains; the night light that lit your way to the bathroom including switching on the bathroom light and the TV in the bathroom. The decor could have been more contemporary but everything was luxurious and it all worked - what more could you ask!!I booked the Mercedes Limousine as a surprise for my husband and we were greeted by the Shangri-La's staff at the airport and treated like royalty. The car was amazing so much so that we decided to book one to take us back to the airport. The hotel staff seem to have got the return booking muddled up but would not let on and through quick discussion we were ushered outside and taken by the stretch limousine instead as it was obviously the only car they had remaining! A wonderful end to a wonderful stay. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":127,"mention":"Shangri-La","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Living_Shangri-La"],"startOffset":117}]}