{"text":"Perfectly fine Okay so let me first start off by saying, i almost cancelled my vacation becasue of some of the reviews. I am sure glad i didnt. Apon arrival we had absolutely no problems what so ever. We did have royal service but not the suite just a reg jr suite room. Okay let me start from the begining, arrived at Punta cana airport which was def a diff type of airport then i am used to, it made u feel liek wow i am somewhere tropical. We we rushed by a group of workers that want to help u find your ground transportation which was fine. We were on Pierto Tours, and it was good but our bus almost broke down, other wise fine. We drove there as what they woudl call liek the country. All land and dirt roads, it was truly a great beging to a vacation. Finally we arrive to the Melia Caribe Tropical.*note: if you are in royal service notify the driver so u get dropped off on the right side other wise known as the caribe side.Right away we were taking to the royal service check in, now we did have royal service but didnt not have the suite. Check in went smoothly, and greeted with drinks, luggage arrived quickly to the room. The room was fine, nothing wrong at all. It was clean, a full bottle of rum, and a stocked frigg and a terrace. Nothign at all the complain about, and it wasnt dated to me at all.since we had royal service we were far fromt he beach however if u wait by the royal service pool someone was always there to scoop u away for the 2 min ride to the beach. The beach was lovely was well, plam trees the ocean the sand all perfect, tons of water activites. On the royal service side there was bar on the beach and waitress to service you.We did walk over to the other side and i have to say it was a bit crazy, but it had great pools and a resturant rioght near the beach.I woudl have liek to explore that side more however i was fine witth my royal service side.My one and only complaint, is that the breakfast was terrible, all around eat the cereal, best choice or a omlete everyhtign else was blahhh.Lunch n dinner wayyyyy better, teh drinks ask them to make them stronger and they will.the grounds are lovely thehotel is very clean i foudn everyone friendly and who care if they can understand you laugh and try to figure it out you are on vacation.......pleanty of bars and stuff to do.as for the train that takes u around, alot of people comlain about the smell or smoke its a [--] diesel car what do u expect, it was fun when u are tired jsut sot on it all day and look at the grounds......they have like street markets or fairs, and tiem share people, i read it bugs people im [--] from NYC, the hustle and bustle is no big deal, a polite no with a smile and they leave u alone.I def would go back and there is tons more to say. if you have a question email me.!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":709,"mention":"dirt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dirt_cake"],"startOffset":705}]}