{"text":"Not a 5 star, expect 4 star and no more ! Mixed Reviews - Explanation-We have been on over 40 all inclusive vacations. We have been to Punta Cana 6 times. We always book a 5 star and we know what we are talking about.-We went with our 11 year old daughter-This is a huge property with about 5 separate hotels\/sections. Gran Bahia Punta Cana, Gran Bahia Bavaro, Ambar, Golden Principe, Diamond section, Premier and more. There are at least 5 lobbies. With this big a property and this many employees you will no doubt be disappointed with something and this hotel is not for those seeking a high quality, classy quaint place. - There are lots of employees and most employees are great but some do not care so if you meet the ones that don't care you will be disappointed. -There are many buffets but its a quantity objective with so many people to feed so do not expect high quality 5 star food or service but rather expect good cafeteria style all lined up. The food is fine, a bit repetitive, and you will have some good meals and some not so good.-The resort is noisy all night because the shuttle buses are very noisy and they run until 3 am and start again at 6 am and they run throughout the property. Even if your doors are closed you will hear them. You need the shuttles because even as athletic as we are the constant walking\/running rather large distances is just exhausting. If you get a room near the main lobby you will hear the 9pm show and then the rerun late show at 10:30 pm.-The pools are nice and the beach is beautiful but these can be found at most of the hotels in Punta Cana.-The shows are for the most part pretty good for a resort like this.-There were not a lot of organized activities and some pretty basic if you were lucky to find them (bingo, mini put, mini golf is pretty good, darts, bike riding, pool activities almost non existent, beach activities few and far between) Don't come late because we were denied any bingo after the start.- Towels and towel cards. They ran out every day ! Get towels early or you may not get any. This is a huge resort with many guests and at peak times or rainy days they run out. Again, this is a mass market hotel.-They will fix problems with the rooms or switch your room. With a big property like this there are many many problems but they do get resolved. We heard of no hot water, requests for certain room types that the hotel claims they did not know about, no in room towels, etc. In all cases we also heard the hotel made good.-We highly recommend the premier section. It will give you the highest quality service and you will not pay extra. Do not pay extra for any section because it is not worth 2 pennies more. Its a bit of a marketing ploy. The Dalhia buffet in the Premier section is the best of the buffets. The specialty restaurants are for the most part not bad but quite frankly the Dalhia was better because the specialty restaurants still do not deliver 5 star at best 4 star.-So if you ask is there a better place in Punta Cana we say there is. The Riu Palaces (Macau or Punta Cana) are true 5 star service and quality and you pay maybe $500 more but its totally worth it if you want a 5 star experience.-Overall we could not stay at the Bahia Principe again because we know that for the money you can get more and we do not accept the short comings that we noted. But, there are lots of people who go to the Bahia Principe are very happy because they do not know better, really only want a 4 star experience, met some good employees who they bonded with or like really huge properties. ","annotations":[]}