{"text":"Loved the Iberostar Bavaro!!!! My fiance and I stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro the week of March 4th-10th. First and foremost, I would like to comment on the security...they had security guards EVERYWHERE, so I always felt comfortable walking places by myself, even at night time. The room was always very clean. The beds were not very comfortable, but I did not mind. The rooms smelled a little musty from the humidity, but after a while I got used to the smell. My only complaint was that my clothes smelled very musty when I got home and it was very hard to wash out. If you are staying at the Bavaro, I would recommend calling ahead and trying to request a room close to the beach. Our room was in the last row and it always took us 5 minutes just to get anywhere. The Iberostars Dominicana and Punta Cana were both only walks away, and they were always immaculately clean as well. The rooms were always beautifully cleaned, and the staff was very friendly. They were always excited to get $1 tips, because american dollars are worth a lot to them. I brought $50 in one dollar bills and that was all I spent the entire week for Tips. The beaches were gorgeous and always clean. We never had problems getting the Palapas or chairs near the pool. The only recommendation I would make is to try to put your towels on the beach around 7 or 7:30 AM, because they do start to get full around 8AM. Everyone reserves them, even though they are not supposed to.Snorkeling is free and I would recommend it to everyone. If you swim near the reef\/rocks, you see a lot of gorgeous exotic fish. It was a really fun experience! We also rode the Banana boats, which were really fun. Parasailing was fun and really inexpensive.We went to the Steakhouse one night and it was very good! The service was outstanding. We got in and out in 30 minutes, but never once felt rushed. I would recommend making your dinner reservations the same day you check in. If you try to make them in the middle of the week, everything will already be reserved and you will not be able to eat anywhere except for the buffet. The buffet was surprisingly excellent. We ate breakfast there every morning,and they had a huge array of foods to choose from so no one ever went hungry. Room service was also very good. Drinks were excellent, but they did not have the American liquors (jack daniels, captain morgain,etc) so I was slightly dissapointed. But the Brugal Rum that they served was not very bad.. We went to the dinner buffet 4 out of 5 nights and were always very pleased. Lunch is always very fun. They set up a nice outdoor buffet by the pool and always have different things to choose from. I was never hungry!!I would highly recommend the Iberostar Bavaro to anyone who is looking for a relaxing beach vacation with all your cares taken care of. I will definately be returning in the future. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2586,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2582}]}