{"text":"Great place for a relaxing beach vacation My wife and I just returned from our visit to the Excellence, Punta Cana where we stayed with one other couple. We actually were re-directed here as a result of the resort we had chosen being over-booked. We definitely ended up with the better end of that deal.We were torn whether to give this resort four or five stars - we settled on 4.5 being our official rating but bumped it up to a five since they got the important things right. The public areas are well done and the physical structure is beautiful. The restaurants are 3 or 4 star and they do an excellent job with their outdoor theme dinners. The pool is beautiful and just the right temperature. I didn't understand other people's comments about the ocean not being swimmer friendly - contrary to the other reviewers, I am NOT a competitive swimmer and I felt quite comfortable in the water. Yes, it is facing the Atlantic, so the water is not calm. Right outside the resort is where you enter the water to have some fun in the waves. However, you can walk a few hundred feet to the east or roughly a quarter mile to the west and you'll find some coral reefs which absorb all those waves and leave wonderful calm pools to swim in. Lawn chairs and beds (yes, there are beds on the beach) were always easy to find and due to the lack of other resorts in the immediate area, you have a wonderful long beach to meander on. The fitness room is brand new, large, and filled with very good equipment - very pleasant surprise! The shows and entertainment were rather good.Some negatives:The rooms were just average and provided an interesting contrast to the public areas in that they seemed to show some age. The appearance of the halls is a little rough with the sloppy paint application. There was some paint chipped off in the rooms which showed the colorful tones of the previous decor. It almost seems as if the resort went through a major renovation and all the money was dumped into the public areas and they ran out when it came to the rooms, so they did the bare minimum to give them a slight freshening. Room service was somewhat inconsistent with towels and toiletries. The mini-bar guys could be a little intrusive in their desire to get your fridge restocked not matter what time of day or what your state of dress was. The hammock outside our room seemed like it needed replacing about two years ago. Coffee makers in both our and our friend's room were broken. Our sliding glass door required some negotiationgs when attempting to open. One night at about 10pm, the staff seemed to be bowling with empty bottles outside our room for about a half-hour.Again, the negatives were pretty small and petty and did not take away from our enjoyment. The Excellence is a great place to stay for a wonderful, relaxing beach vacation. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2418,"mention":"Coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":2412}]}