{"text":"Sun, Sea, Sand and.......Sangria!!! Me and my friend stayed at the hotel from may 7th through to may 22nd and had a really good time. the flight was really long so by the time we arrived at the hotel we were a bit pooped but were warmly welcomed with a cocktail and quickly checked in. We were assigned to block three, the rooms were pretty basic but clean, tidy and had everything you needed. The shower was hot and the mini fridge was stocked, It was also great value for money. It was possible to upgrade our room to block 7 for $350 over the two weeks but we were happy with what we had even though we saw the rooms in block 7 and they were amazing.The actual hotel was stunning, from the lobby to the beach and was all very well maintained. The staff worked very hard to keep it all clean and tidy.The hotel had three restaurants plus a buffet. Our favourite was the Italian Dal Mario's. The food was out of this world and the service was impeccible, Mr Frank the manager couldn't do enough for us and was soooo friendly and helpfull. The American grill was also good with really friendly staff and nice food. Cant really understand the reviews where people say they couldnt find anything edible cos they had everything! Obviously your not gonna like all the food but i think some people are just too fussy.The beach was just beautifull, crystal clear water and white sands, who cares about a bit of seaweed?? They cleaned the beach every morning anyway. The pools were also really nice, especially the lazy river pool which was really chilled out and quiet.Night life was pretty good too. There was a nightly show which was always a laugh and you saw some really good dancing, especially in the Michael Jackson show, even if they were cr*p at miming!! The umbrella bar was cool and had a really nice barman who's name i forgot, they had Karaoke most nights which was good but most of the songs were in spanish so we didnt have a clue what they were singin about!! The disco was ok, played a range of music but got a bit boring after a while. They do a disco tour every night though if you fancy a change but we gave that a miss.They've got some wicked excursions too and i thought they were pretty cheap. We went snorkling, on safari and quad biking and had a great time on all of them. We also went kayaking and had a scuba lesson which were both free.The only thing i would complain about would be some of the staff especially the entertainment staff. Dont get me wrong, most of them were really friendly especially the ones at the front desk, beach towel hut and some of the barmen. HOWEVER as we didnt speak spanish some staff took full advantage of that and there were times when they seemed to be having a private joke on our behalf. ha ha, we have now taken up spanish lessons!! Us being two young women we found the blokes to be a little overly friendly (If you know what i mean.....) which became a bit annoying after a while.We tipped quite a lot, especially the maids and the room service. I wouldnt say it got us better service though as they tried their best anyway, i think if you smile and are friendly and use good manners then you are treated with the same attitude. Some of the spanish and American people were so rude to the staff though and treated them with no respect at all. The bar staff seemed to put up with it in case they got a tip which i thought was quite sad. There were very few English people around when we were at the hotel, mostly spanish and American but we still made a few good friends and had a good time.All in all we had a wicked time and would definatley go back again if given the chance but only if we spoke better spanish! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1108,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1104},{"endOffset":1372,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1367}]}