{"text":"The best hotel of Ponce city This hotel is the better place of all hotels in Ponce city. It has golf's facilities, private villages, the best casino in the city a good pool and the others facilities are excellents. The some restaurants are expensive but the food is great. The weekend the hotel has life music and differents shows. The beach hotel's not is the very good but you can go the Saturdays or the Sundays to Caja de Muerto Island from La Guancha that is very near to the hotel. The beaches of Caja muerto Island is excellent you can see some colors fish, seagul and different birds and plants. The Island has a litter museum, bathroom facilities, a historical ligth house and beautiful views. Is important that if you are thinking to go to Caja de Muerto Island buy your own food in walmart or some place because the island dont have place to buy it; and you have to return your trash to PR . And If you stay in the hotel monday to friday you can go in a car rent to others beautiful beaches near to Ponce as Guanica and Lajas town; but I recommend the beautiful beaches of Rincon, Aguadilla and Isabela towns (it are located in the west of PR 1 hour from POnce) and in the north the beautiful beach of Isla verde in Carolina City, but the better beach in Puerto Rico are located in Culebra and Fajardo Island in the east. POnce city have many attractive places as the serralles casttle, the best art museum of the caribbean, a history museum, and more museum. Ponce has La guancha a tourist place, many restaurants, a histoy town , the secound mall more bigger of Puerto Rico and the caribbean and many many places for baby boomers and adults. Puerto Rico is a island 100x 35 miles and you can rent a car and would cross the island and stay in differents hotels I recommend Copamarina beach resortin Guanica for honey moon, Hilton in POnce for all family, The westin Rio Mar Beach golf resort and spa in Rio Grande, the beautiful Conquistador hotel in fajardo, In san Juan El Convento (is one of the best 100 hotel in the world according to Vanidades magazing), Intercontinental, whytham, and for people VIP or high class the ritz carton and Paradissus of Puerto Rico (if you are traveled to PR in other seasons). So come to PR .... For more information visit: (--) ","annotations":[]}