{"text":"Fanastic , Wonderful and Simply the Best !! England Travellers What can I say from the moment we arrived at the Affinia Dumont i knew i was going to the love the place. Reception was lovely and check in was easy . The receptionist knew from my emai that this holiday was for my husband as we were celebrating his 40Th birthday. We had a room with a view being on the 30th floor room number 3004. Once wev entered our room the first thing i said was WOW it was wonderfully BIG, clean and perfect. My husband had a card and bottle of wine for his birthday which we had not expected . The location was great easy 10 - 15 mins walk to Macys and other shops. You can use the subways safely with no hassle. We even walked to Times Square which is further so wear good walking shoes. The people love our English Accent and we loved theirs as well. The Barking Dog next door to the Affinia was great maybe a dollar or so more than Murray Hill but i would say they are both the same. The portion sizes are really big so only ate half the amount but the food taste so nice you want to eat it all. ( i was trying not to over eat as you could easily do it ). We went to see Color Purple with Fantasia from American Idol the show was outstanding a must to see if you have ever seen the film. The BUS Tours are great as you can hop on and off but mostly good for sight seeing. We went to a Baseball game which was more for my husband who loves sport. If you intend to go to Ground Zone I would suggest you stay on the Tour Bus as there really is not anything to see as it is hidden with a covered fence which surrounds it so you can not see anything. Visit the Empire State Building at night you get to see the city all lit up. The bus tour at night to Brooklyn was good and everywhere is lit up but take a cardigan or jacket as it is very breezy up the top at night. As a suggestion get some New York passes as you get into alot of attractions for free and this will save you loads of money .  Anyway go to the Affinia Dumont you will not be disappointed and use common sense as your safety and you will not go wrong. The Reviews are the best thing to go by and I made the right choice to stay. Donald at the door was a good help for information great guy. ","annotations":[]}