{"text":"Excellent location We stayed here for four nights in late July.I booked this from the lastminute.com website as it was a secret 4* hotel in central Sydney at AUD99 a night.The location is definitely fantastic, right opposite Wynyard Station, two blocks from Pitt St and about a ten minute walk to Circular Quay and the Rocks.The reception area is certainly wonderful as are all the other public areas (except for Sporters Bar - if you hate karaoke don't go there!).The staff are also fantastic. Everyone had a smile on their faces and nothing was too much trouble.Once you go up to your floor though the scenery changes a bit! The hallways are very drab and in desparate need of a paint.Our first room was a queen bedded room on the back of the building so the view was of an office building. If you were staying on your own for a couple of nights it would have been quite okay. However there was nothing to put your bag on so we put everything on the floor and with two big suitcases it certainly cut down the room.My husband quickly decided this wasn't going to be the room for us and went down to reception and for $20 a night we were upgraded to a room on the front of the building with a king size bed.This room was a little bit bigger but still very tired looking with dinged furniture and a grey trim everywhere.There are two chairs in the room, one for the desk and the other a very uncomfortable bucket chair. So, sitting on the bed was the most comfortable option and I'm really not a fan of that.The bathroom was very small and if you are over six foot be prepared to not be able to stand up properly in the shower\/bath as the roof is lower over that part of the room. I guess it was functional though.The air-conditioning was a disaster. It just didn't seem to work at all and we ended up switching it off and opening the window. Luckily it wasn't too noisy outside as it was a weekend. I don't know if I would be able to cope with being there in summer.We did have breakfast at the hotel one morning. It was AUD29.50 for a full buffet which had a great selection. Down at Circular Quay there are quite a few restaurants that do breakfast in the morning.There aren't a huge number of places to eat right near the hotel so the best thing to do is to walk down to the Rocks or Darling Harbour where there are a number of restaurants. We found great pizza at Zia Pina on the Rocks and Thai at Chinta Ria in Darling Harbour is fabulous. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2364,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":2359}]}