{"text":"Will Never return to Dominican Republic CHECK-IN: It all started with her flight being changed to a stop over in Toronto instead of a direct flight from Ottawa to Punta Cana.We were suppose to be at the resort around 11:30 AM but because of the flight changes we only arrived at 3:00 PM to find out that her room wasn't ready. They told us to come back in 1\/2 hour. We requested almost a year ago when we book this trip a room with King size bed\/non-smoking. After waiting 2 hours, we finally got a room with a 2 double beds and smelt like some dead smokers fisherman's have been buried inside!!Went back to the front desk to find out that since it was late in the day (around 6:00 PM ) there was no other rooms was available. After some arguing and flashing of 20$ US they suddenly find a Junior suite they would let go at a 40% discount (490$ for a 7 days stay). That was it for the check-in.BEACH: Very nice if you don't like swimming in the ocean. There's some dangerous coral rocks beneath the water that you can't see because the waves are very big and there's always some floating sand covering your view of the ocean's bottom. Lost a toe nail to prove it. Stick to where the equipment rental area is. That's what most people did.FOOD: Most of the food was OK but not spectacular for a 5 star resort. Like other people said, there's lobster available at a 30$ USD surcharge. Both myself and my wife got sick. My wife is still sick. We were a group of 24 people and I would say that 60% of them got sick at least a day during her stay.CHECK-OUT: Again, since the her flight wasn't until 10:55 PM and we had a large group of people we asked to stay in 3 of the 12 rooms until 6:00 PM. Got the same crappy front desk story about the hotel being at 101% full....blah, blah, blah....flash the US dollars and got 4 of the 12 rooms at 60$ per room until 6:00 PM. WHY I WILL NEVER GO BACK: Once we made it to the Punta Cana airport, at the Sky Service airline baggage registration, we were told to that her luggage was 10KG overweight and we needed to pay an extra 100$. We were not overweight when leaving Ottawa airport and there was no way I brought back 10KG of rum, cigars and souvenirs. I asked to compare scales with Air Transat registration counter but got denied. She decided to reduce the extra weight to 8KG or 80$. I agreed to pay the extra weight. I gave my last 45$ US and ask that she put the balance on my VISA. Instead, she POCKETED the money and told me to keep it our little secret and not charge me for the balance. Every one in her group got overweight charges, some as high as 130$ of overweight surcharge and were told to pay cash. The VISA machine was broken and they were redirected to the cash machine in the lobby. This is money extortion and will never go back to that country. ","annotations":[]}