{"text":"Not a Worry Free Vacation I am a mother of a 7 year old and 13 year old boys. My 13 year old is in the International Hospital in Bavaro with my husband. My son has gotten a bacterial infection from the hotel and is on an IV as I type and is receiving treatment. I am here at the resort with my 7 year old son waiting for them to come back to the resort, after 2 sleepless nights. I had plans to call my husband at 9 o'clock in the evening to find out how our son is doing and hopped on one of the resorts shuttle buses to make it back to our room. I informed the driver that I would like him to stop at villa 26. He responded si. Even though I sat right behind him he did not stop but proceeded to travel to the end of the long road. He went to the end of the road and stopped. It was my 7 yr old and I with this driver. I asked him why he did not stop and he motioned he would on the way back. I assumed he forgot. He ducked down, as not to be seen, and ate and drank. We were there for what seemed to be an eternity. I HAD MISSED MY WINDOW TO CALL ABOUT MY SON!!! I was upset and my 7 yr old looked worried. Another bus finally arrived and he began to move again. I asked him to stop at villa 26 and he replied no comprende. I was now very worried. I asked him to STOP, he replied no comprende. He did not stop till he was back at the front of the hotel. We are talking about a 15 minute trip. I went to talk to the manager on call and he did not seem concerned till I was visually upset and the other vacationers noticed. Then they became eager to accomodate. BUT... the bus with driver continued. I asked them to call the driver back....they DID NOT. The angrier I got and the more frustrated I got...only then did they begin to listen. I waited till his bus came by again and took a picture of him with my digital camera. I WILL BE POSTING IT WHEN I RETURN HOME!!! No upgrade or special treatment will take away a mothers worry for her son she was with and the other one in the hospital. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE for anyone traveling with young children for many reasons. Since this whole ordeal I have also found out that the police will not come to the hotel. Problems are to be resolved on the hotel. I asked 6 different employees for the telephone number and none new the number of the police. Maybe I should have tried 911. Thank you for listening and this has been a way for me to gather my thoughts and vent. While writting my review I have discovered what I will ask this hotel to do. I will ask them to drive me to the hospital. it's about 35 minutes away. I wonder how accomodating they will be when it does not involve a suite upgrade. When they really have to go out of their way. Please feel free to contact me if you would like more details. ","annotations":[]}