{"text":"Disgusting Rooms This hotel is filthy!! The hotel is not modern. They remodeled the bar area and the patio, however the rest of the hotel and the rooms are filthy. We booked our stay on Hotels and the pictures portrayed reflected a clean, modern, stylish hotel. Once we got to the hotel we immediately thought we were at the wrong location since the photos did not match the lobby area. However, we thought we would go ahead and go up to the room to take a look. The room was filthy and smelled of urine. The rooms were nothing like portrayed on the website or even the catalog that the hotel had placed on the table. I picked up the catalog and asked the bellman where were these rooms and he said only 2 rooms. Based on this statement it appears that the hotel only fixed up two rooms and used these to represent the hotel on the Hotels website and their own catalog. We immediately went downstairs and used the internet (which was another lie since the website advises that you have internet service in your room) to locate another hotel. We looked at the restaurant area and the terrace which appeared to be remodeled and matched the photos, however the rest of the photos were very deceiving. We were at the hotel for less than an hour and booked another room at the Westin Excelsior. I called Hotels and advised them of the situation and they cancelled our reservation immediately. Once we were leaving I advised the front desk of the situation and I confronted them with the dishonest portrayal of the hotel. The concierge at the front desk could not even respond. She starting calling behind the desk for the general manager who came upfront. I advised him that we had alreay cancelled our reservation through Hotels and that the pictures on the website and in their own catalog were deceiving. Once again, it was never explained why such an inaccurate portrayal of the rooms was represented. He just advised us that he would move us to a better room. I advised him that we were leaving and had already cancelled our reservation. He then got very rude and advised me that he was going to charge us anyway (keep in mind we were there for less than an hour and did not even stay in the room). We advised him good luck and walked out the door.DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A CLEAN SAFE PLACE TO STAY!!! ","annotations":[]}