{"text":"stay away from this place I was contacted by this hotel to come down to see about vacation ownership. When we got there and decided not to upgrade to an ocean view room, the very rude man who attended to us told us we were reserved for a garden view room. We said that was OK. He kept pushing the upgrade and we declined. We got the room keys and went down to the first floor. He placed us in the end room and the only view we had was that overlooking parked trucks alongside a road. Noise..noise...noise. We said OK we might stay there but then noticed stains in the bedding and an odor in the room. We called and told them the accommodations were not acceptable and asked to be moved and were told that someone would call us back shortly. After waiting for almost an hour without a call back, we called again and did speak to a lady who utlimately moved us to the sixth floor. The room was OK, just barely. There was only one problem. My partner starting itching on the first night. She overlooked it and we went and purchased alcohol and rubbed it on the back of her legs and her entire back. The second night, we really did not sleep but sat up most of the night. I called down to complain that there was something wrong in the room because we were both itching. No response and no one came. We slept the last night and when she got up next morning, I was itching but her entire back including buttocks, legs and arms were covered in welts. We went to the Front Desk and the lady said it must have been mosquitos and I had to affirm for her that mosquitos are not able to turn people over and only bite on the backs as they sleep. I again raised the issue when we were checking out and nothing happened. The clerks words to me, Well, we will have to send engineering to fumigate the room. While I was there, several other guests were complaining of being bitten up in the rooms. When we got home, we were informed that the bites seems to come from bedbugs, chiggers or some other form of insect. She had to, and is still taking medication to get relief from this scourge. There was never an apology given nor was an attempt made to resolve this issue. A related issue. I paid $250 for the privelege of allowing this property to attempt to sell me a timeshare. I would think that if you are attempting to schmooze someone, you would show them and give them the best you have. This was not the case. So for my $250, we caught hell. THIS IS THE WORST TIME I HAD EVER SPENT IN A HOTEL IN MY 50 years of traveling. We could hear dogs barking most of the night in some of the rooms and the floors were never really kept clean. We sat out on the beach cafe to have lunch and the no-seeums ate us and everyone else alive. One guy was asking why they were not spraying and the worker commented, we are accustomed to them. No one gave a hoot about customers.I would NOT recommend this property to anyone. Their customer service stinks. I also tried to make a reservation to play tennis with the pro while I was there. I made contact with the Concierge well in advance (2 weeks) and through several e-mails, he indicated that the pro would be in touch with me. After being there two days and not hearing anything, I went to the pro shop and told the young lady how unprofessional it was for a pro not to return a simple call. I was about to give this man $90 per hour to hit with me and I wanted to hit for about 4 hours. I never heard from him until I went there about 8:30AM and complained. I had called before I went down and when I got there, the young lady said he had gone to lunch. I guess lunch was more important than attending to a customer's needs. He did call around 4:00 PM to see if I wanted to hit. At about this time, I had had it with this property and everyone there. The internet did not work in the room where I was and I was promised someone would come and take care of it for me. That never happened. I had to go to the lobby and ride on the wireless to do what I had to do and most often, that did not work. ","annotations":[]}