{"text":"Amazing Wedding and Vacation at the GBP Reading some of the bad reviews on here I really have to laugh - I don't get it! I LOVED this resort. Its huge (which means you can actually walk around and get some exercise to work off all that food and booze) but there are also trolleys that chauffeur you around til 3am if you are too tired\/lazy\/overheated\/drunk\/etc. to make the walk yourself (i took it many times for some of those reasons! haha!).My husband and I were married at this resort on November 27th and everything was wonderful and beyond our expectations - the group of 32 people who traveled with us all agree as well. The resort is immaculately groomed, the beach is STUNNING, the food and drinks are good (i know i tried every single one of the daily cocktails while I was there! haha!), and the staff go above and beyond to make you happy. What more do you want? The only bad thing I would say was the other guests sometimes! My fellow Canadians, please represent our wonderful country in a good way. Don't yell at the bartenders or staff - they work very hard and for very little money. Tip them a buck or two when you can - it goes a long way for people who work 13 hour days for $4 an hour.I wish I had not been so stressed about our wedding prior to the trip but once I arrived and met with Patricia the wedding coordinator, all of my fears melted away. Our wedding was gorgeous and fun and everyone had a great time!After our guests went back home to Canada my husband and I enjoyed another week to ourselves. We ended up switching rooms to be close to the diamond club pool (we were upgraded to diamond club which was WONDERFUL..highly recommend it) and spent our days on the beach or in the pool, and our nights in the Bavaro lobby, just relaxing. We also were treated to a romantic dinner on the beach on our last night - a gourmet 7 course meal (including the freshest, most incredible lobster i have ever eaten and that's saying a lot because I am a bit of a foodie snob) by moonlight with our own personal waitress...AMAZING. I also recommend doing the Saona Island excursion if you can - we took our entire wedding party and had an absolute BLAST!It boggles my mind how someone could not have a good time when you are relaxing in what is essentially PARADISE, with no cooking or cleaning to do, and no work to think about! Maybe everything isnt exactly how you want it all the time but seriously....just relax and enjoy the beautiful scenery and weather, have a cocktail! ","annotations":[]}