{"text":"an absolute pleasure to stay at the Roemer Spent 3 nights at the Roemer during July and it was an absolute pleasure. Very stylish boutique hotel with very friendly, professional staff who know what customer service and satisfaction are all about. We reserved an Executive\/King room over 3 months in advance at an excellent rate and we are glad that we did because the room rate kept rising as the Roemer's popularity increased (based on TA's popularity index). Today the cost of a 3 night stay would be double what we paid. The hotel is relatively new and at the time we booked was still establishing its reputation - that reputation is now well and truely established. We arrived mid aftenoon to a warm friendly welcome and after checking in were offered a welcome drink. While the room was a good size, the huge king bed took up a lot of space. This was compensated by a delightful large balcony with outdoor table and chairs overlooking the beautiful landscaped garden and outdoor courtyard. Unfortunately the weather was not the best during our stay and we made little use of this comfort. The bed was extremely comfortable with an abundance of huge pillows. The bathroom was very plush and practical with an enormous shower head and the added bonus of a small plasma TV to entertain while showering, or a long relaxing bath, after a day of tourist activity. The location of the hotel was excellent, in a quiet street with a short walk to Leidseplein and its many touristy restaurants, as well as a departure point for canal cruises, and a little further to the Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh Museum. The area is well served with trams, no's 1, 2 and 5 passing frequently to whizz you off towards the central station and other touristy areas. The staff were very helpful in providing directions and answering any other questions we had. After returning to the hotel after dinner on the first night we met the very friendly and personable barman who brought our welcome drinks as we sat by the fire in the lobby lounge. He also provided useful information to assist us with our planned activities over the next 2 days. After that we made a habit of having a nightcap from the cocktail bar each night and a chat with our friendly barman. The lobby also had 2 computers for the free use by guests which was very much appreciated. The only downside to this hotel, and it is only a minor one, is that breakfast is not included in the tariff, but you can partake for an extra 20 euro per person. As most others have reported in reviews of this hotel it was easier to wander into Leidseplein to enjoy a more economical breakfast. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Amsterdam, which exceeded our expectations, and our stay at the Roemer was a major factor in ensuring that we were completely relaxed and comfortable while exploring the delights of this city and returning to a home away from home. After travelling though Europe for 6 weeks and staying in 6 hotels with superior\/deluxe rooms and 2 apartments we agreed that the Roemer was right up there with the best. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1092,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":1085}]}