{"text":"Faulty Towers in the Sun Not sure where to even start on this hotel! Just horrible with to many faults.We stayed over the New Year, being regular travellers to the DR, This is definately not a 5 star hotel I would rate it as a 2-3star.The surroundings are very attractive, the beach lovely, the shows good but thats it.The hotel was full to capacity, we tried to upgrade on numerous occasions before we went and when we arrived but it was full.We had a very long flight and was tired to say the least, we tried to check in, but I dont even think they had a room available for us there was a hustle and bustle going on in spanish. We were allocated a room not what we booked but we had no choice. Then the fun started, we were told to get on the bus given a map and told where to find our room, this place is like a maze. The cases would follow between 30 minutes and 90 minutes. We walked around for an hour trying to find the room jumping on and off the bus. We finally found the room opened the door was not impressed but after reading other reports I was not expecting to much. We had two bell boys bring the cases, hung around for a tip and would not leave the room, I would have given a tip if we were shown to our room by them, they was very rude so I decided no tip I showed them the door. Room:-We looked around the room which was filthy the mirrors was dirty there was crawling insects all up the door frame the patio doors had all hand prints over them, the bathroom was dirty and the whole room stunk of bleach, the dust was thick, I immediately started cleaning the room, we were so tired and wanted to settle.When we went to bed that night I went to lock the patio doors and the lock was on the floor thrown behind the curtain completely out of the wall. I called maintenance and waited an hour he fixed it banging and drilling. The next morning we awoke to a urine smell, I went to the bathroom and the toilet had leaked all over the floor, I called maintenance back again to fix it. My family from England was trying to call the room but the telephone was broken too. The whole room needed renovating, I informed my rep the next morning she ask us if we wanted to move rooms but tthen told us the hotel was full. I instructed her to get the room cleaned and repaired. Even when we left the room was still dirty and nothing ever did get done about it. The rooms are shabby dull dingy and broken.Waiting Staff  Food:-Its such a shame I have never seen such miserable staff and they look so unhappy, which is not there fault, this hotel is in need of management direction, the right hand does not know what the left hand is doing, they could not cope with the amount of people booked. New Years Day was a joke it was called We let you have a rest more like let the staff have a rest, there was no staff around everyone was moaning and scrambling for food, which was disgusting left overs from the night before. They even made the evening show up from the audience. The whole time we was there not one member of staff said hello, how are you, or even a smile. The lunchtme buffett, had flies all over the uncleared tables, and birds helping themselves to the buffett Dinner time buffet was queing to be seateed and no tables laid out, you plates never cleared from one course to the next. Traffic around the resort:-This is so dangerous someone is going to get seriously hurt soon with the staff the way they drive around the pathways of a night.Time share people:-These are so annoying they belong to the hotel and try to get you everywhere you go, it makes the hotel feel very distrusting, the staff need some kind of uniform on so that holiday makers can tell the staff from the timeshare people, they come out in dromes of a night.We had a good time while we was there, a holiday is what you make it, and the New Years Eve Beach party was fun, but there is no way in a million years I would return to Melia Caribe there is so many other lovely hotels in Punta Cana, and this hotel is not good value for money at all. ","annotations":[]}