{"text":"Great Hotel My husband and I stayed at Hotel Jazz for three nights after an 8-day cruise. I booked the Jazz through their website in January.Before I get into the hotel stay itself, I do want to point out one HUGE negative. As I said, I booked the hotel through their website, and the website advises that you will get a confirmation email directly from the hotel. We never did, so I emailed them in February asking them to confirm. I never heard back. I emailed them again in March, and I never heard back. I emailed them again in April and finally, in May, I received an email confirming our reservation.Four weeks before our trip, I was checking reservations, and for some reason, our reservation number didn't show up on their website. I again emailed them asking what happened and asking them to please confirm. We heard NOTHING. In the space of 4 days, I emailed the hotel three times and the home office (Nunez Navarro) once and never got a response. Then, the reservation number showed up on the website again. Hmm.Thankfully, we did have a room when we got there.The good stuff: The front desk staff does speak English. . .some better than others. They checked us in immediately, and we went to our room on the 7th floor.The bedroom and bathroom were extremelly clean. I liked the fact that the floor was wood laminate so that it was very clean. Everything was spotless and in its place. I will say, however, that the furnishings are spartan. If you are used to the *new* beddings in American hotels, don't expect them here. While the beds were comfortable, they didn't have the fluffy mattress covers, fluffly pillows or the comforters so many hotels have now. These beds are flat with dowdy bedspreads and hard pillows on them. But, that being said, they were not that uncomfortable.The hotel's location is great. It's about a 5-minute walk from Placa Catalunya and the top of Las Ramblas, a block from Starbuck's, in the middle of a university\/residential area. While you can feel the subway when it runs below the hotel, it's not really that bad. And, with the window (balcony door) closed, you won't hear the traffic and pedestrian noise. . .And, because we were there during Feste de la Merce, there were both kinds of traffic 24-hours a day.While the front desk personnel was polite, most of them didn't go out of their way to help with much. They didn't know anything about Feste happenings, and some of the information they gave us on banks, airport and restaurants was wrong. The best person working the front desk was Alejandro, who works the evening shift. When he didn't know something, he admitted it and then tried to get the right information for us. His English was also the best of all the hotel personnel.So, all that being said, we would book this hotel again. ","annotations":[]}