{"text":"Needs more work to achieve 4-Star rating Just returned from a two-week stay at Dreams (formerly Sunscape) Punta Cana.Rooms are excellent - provided you get one you booked  avoid rooms which have connecting doors - you could have noisy neighbours. Seemed to be on-going issues with Room card-keys not working -  an eccentricity whereby they are 'printed' upside-down  backwards - but you are not told this when issued initially. Hey Dreams - save everyone some time  either print them correctly or let people knowPool is excellent, with ample loungers - also beachside. Great drinks service available poolside  at the swim-up bar.Beach is similarly well served with loungers - beware of rocks when swimming - stick to the area in front  to the north of the watersports boating area. Walk north for miles along the beach - wear shoes if heading south.Staff friendly  helpful with some minor language barrier issues. Sometimes restaurant service somewhat slow but in the main fine.Entertainment staff deserve honourable mention - tireless good humour  fun. They could do with a broader range of music!!!Food is adequate - special mention to the Japanese restaurant at lobby level - excellent. Dreams restaurant is ok - if somewhat over-rated. Others ok - I would describe as good truck-stop - but then you can't do it all when catering to large groups of people. Breakfast is excellent  is the one to set you up for the day.There are lots of bars to hang-out, but could possibly do with a late bar (other than casino) - all are closed by midnight (then again maybe thats a good idea)There is a well-staffed concierge desk - but it is effectively useless (akin to a headless chicken). My experience was borne out by comments from other guests also.Room service is just about adequate, but beware as you can get a glass of wine - but not a bottle  delivery is rather slow. Bring lots of small denomination dollars for tipping etc as there is no facility to access cash once in the resort - there is a local ATM in the nearest village which dispenses Pesos - but Dreams really operates in dollars.The casino is good fun  is quite relaxed.The invasion of traders once or twice a week is a bit much - given the mass-produced schlock they are selling  certainly if tempted do a bit of haggling - typically discount 50-70%Travel outside the resort can involve nerve-racking journeys on pot-hole strewn roads, but its worth venturing out to experience local living.There are on-going ground improvements - re-tiling pathways  re-doing the (as yet un-manicured) gardens. Overall enjoyed our stay, but would not rate it as 4+ star just yet. If Dreams put effective management in place  give the place a good shake up then its all there for the making. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2700,"mention":"shake","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Milkshake"],"startOffset":2695},{"endOffset":2700,"mention":"shake","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Milkshake"],"startOffset":2695}]}