{"text":"Second Class Citizens After the bone shaking journey to the hotel we arrived and I was impressed with the arrival procedure and the hotel reception area. Once checked in we went to our room. The room was basic, not very clean, had a balcony door which constantly stuck despite complaints to reception and had the foulest smelling aircon I've ever experienced.Due to fact we arrived about 7pm we decided to shower and go straight for food and a drink. Generally the standard of food at the main restaurant was always of a good standard and hygene was also good. In our brochure it stated that there were seven restaurants within the complex. This is correct, however, they only open on certain days of the week and you are advised that you are only allowed two reservations a week! Don't believe them. From my personel experience some of the staff on CUSTOMER RELATIONS will lie to your face and tell you restaurants are fully booked but a guest four places behind you in the que will some how manage to reserve seats?Weekends ruined this holiday. From Friday lunchtime till Sunday teatime the Dominican people arrive at the hotel like a swarm of locusts. You have to wait for tables for all meals and when you finally get a table the staff ignore you and serve the Dominicans. Numerous British guests staying at the same time as us all commented that they felt like second class citizens at the weekends and as a result, like me, they would not be returning to the Sirenis Cocotal\/Tropical.If you decide to try this resort it is worthy of note that they also have a major issue with mosquitoes. Almost everyone I saw during our stay had a large amount of bites around the legs and arms despite taking medical precautions. One of my party had 47 bites in one night so beware.In some brochures this resort is listed as 4\/5 Star. I've been lucky enough to stay at a 5 Star hotel in the past and I would grade this as a top end 3 Star.Overall the location was beautiful, the food was good but apart from that the holiday was the worst I've been on.Nick, Swansea ","annotations":[]}