{"text":"Great Location My husband and I stayed 5 nights at this hotel at the end of April . What I like the most is the location. It is very close to the metro station (2 blocks) and within walking distance to the main attractions. The price is also very good (we paid 55 euros per night). The room was small but very clean, with a hairdryer, safe and a TV. There is a computer with free internet in the lobby. You can use it anytime until 10:00 p.m. There was only one problem. Our room was located just in front of the reception. We were very tired the first night so we decided to go to bed early (11:00 pm). That is when our nightmare begun. The reception is located next to the main entrance (which have a VERY HEAVY door) and there is a vending machine right in front of it (next to our room). People where coming in and out of the hostal until very late (3:00 a.m) and you could hear them slamming the main door everytime. The phone from the reception did not stop ringing and you could hear it so clearly that it would make you believe it was the phone located in your room. You could also hear people walking (some of them laughing, singing, conversing, etc, etc) to the vending machine to get a coffee or an snack at 2:00 o'clock in the morning. I am not talking about the noises coming from the street, which were nothing compared to the noises inside the hostal. It was a terrible night and I am not a light sleeper.The next day we talked to the people in the reception and after begging, literally begging for one hour we got them to move us to another room in the first floor. This room was bigger, the TV was not hanging from the ceiling and it was nicer. Problem solved. You could still hear some noices coming from the street and from other guests in the hostal but nothing that would prevent you from falling asleep. The rest of the trip was great, so my suggestion would be: PLEASE try to avoid the room located in front of the reception or very close to it. Make the reservation directly with them and specify that....otherwise you will end with a headache. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1203,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1197}]}