{"text":"All a hotel should be I have just spent 4 nights at this hotel with my 83 year old father. We could not have wished for a better experience. The ownership of the hotel changed this week so we met both the old and new owners and found them all to be so helpful and thoughtful. Due to dad's age I had emailed in advance to ask that he had a room with the minimum amount of stairs (I knew from the hotel's website there was no lift and some stairs were inevitable). I received a prompt reply telling me that the lowest room would be one flight up and would that be ok, thus giving us a chance to change our booking if necessary. I also rang on the day we were arriving to ask for a kettle in his room, again no problem.Throughout our stay we were made to feel most welcome, lots of information was available about things to do both in terms of leaflets and books but also from the owners. At breakfast everyone seemed to be greeted in their own language and a real interest taken in what they wanted to do and advice offered as to how best to do it.Free internet access in reception was also a real bonus. I note another visitor felt that the lack of security on this PC was an issue, I would suggest that most people were only checking news, the cricket\/football scores and their emails. Security should not be particularly compromised here. If you are doing stuff that requires a high level of security a public computer is not the best place to do it!The rooms were very clean with reasonable sized en suite shower rooms. We both had single rooms and the beds were larger than normal single beds and very comfortable. The hotel felt very secure as the front door is always locked, your room key is also a front door key.The hotel is by the number 2 tram line so access into the city is fast and easy if you don't wish to walk (about 20 minutes walk to the Rijksmuseum). The hotel is in a pleasant residential area with some shops around of the organic veg, homemade bread\/chocolates variety, lovely to browse in. The beautiful and massive Vondel Park is just over the road.I would really recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to get out of the city centre and get away from the anonymous large hotel experience. ","annotations":[]}