{"text":"mmm ok I'll start with the positive, the gardens and location! The grounds are nice and have a lot of cool plants and orchids. The location is nice since it on Jimbaran bay, and close to cool little seafood restaurants. Well the check in was just ok. We show up for our honeymoon, clearly a couple. Off we got to our room, only to find out we are booked in a room with 2 separate little beds. uggggggggg! Love how the front desk woman didnt mention that to us since she knows we would have been unhappy about it. So we had the bell boy call to see if there were any other rooms available. In a matter of 10 seconds, he relayed there was not. Seems to me they didnt try very hard! The room sucked and the air conditioning didnt work. After we settled in, we headed to the front desk to see if we could be moved the next day to a room with a queen like we had reserved. We were told to check back the next day. Again, seems to me that they don't try very hard. I feel they should have put on a list and let us know if something came available. I'm the one on vacation right, and it was there mistake! Pool service is terrible to non existent. Its like they dont want your money. They make you Check-in and out towels for the pool, by signing on the dotted line, and room number. I think its ridiculous, no one wants your old junky towels anyway! The last day we were there waiting to be taken to the airport, we decided to eat by the pool. After looking around and waiting 20 minutes for someone to help me, i decided to go up to the bar\/restaurant myself to get a menu. I got 2 menus and told the waitress i would be at the pool, which is in clear site of the restaurant. She never came to get my order. So i went back to the bar and ordered 2 drinks from the bar tender and asked if i could order food. He said yes and then turned away and never came back. After sitting there for 15 minutes with no help, i got up to approach the same waitress i had talked to over 30 minutes prior. Next thing i know the rude bartender tells her something in Indonesian, and she acts all attentive and takes my order- geez leweez! DUH!La-Te-Da, 40 minutes later and still waiting for our food, i tell the staff we have to leave to catch a flight. They tell us the food wont be ready, and then, after some back and forth, decide that they will hurry. The food never came, and we left to catch our plane hungry. I really dont recommend this place at all unless you get a screaming deal, or you just dont care about service. ","annotations":[]}