{"text":"Horrible experience We booked this room as our first night on a 3 week New England\/East coast tour. We stayed only 1 night...thank goodness. We had booked a King room, large room. We were told it was one of their oversized rooms. When we arrived we were taken to a very small room with queen sized bed. There was literally no room to move around in the room. The room was not clean...it was filthy. Even the sheets looked dirty. The carpet looked like someone had changed the oil of their car on it. The bathroom tiles were chipped and grout dirty. There were unsavory types lurking around. Security for the area we had to walk to our room was non-existant. When I took my confirmation to the front desk and told them we had booked a large, king room, we were told that there were no other options for us...this room would have to do. They said when you book online, you just get what you get. They were rude. I showed them that the confirmation came from their own organization but they didn't seem to care. The girl who helped us was eating while checking us in. Kind of disgusting. The breakfast room was fine and the breakfast plentiful. When I pointed out that we had paid for the larger room she said that we already had a good deal for the room but she begrudgingly gave us a 25.00 credit to our bill. The location is too far from Boston. Shuttle service to the Subway was good going there...but when we wanted to return there were too many people who wanted to return and we had to wait twice to get on the shuttle. When the shuttle comes which was a van, the large group of people just pushed and shoved to get on. It didn't matter if you were waiting for an hour...new people just got on first. There were some young people who were left 3 times. The shuttle driver said there would be another shuttle coming shortly and we would wait the 30 minutes for the next one. Since it comes every 30 minutes we had to wait 1 hour and 40minutes to get a ride back. We finally waited by the curb and pushed our way on too. Otherwise we would still be waiting there. We would have just taken a cab if we had known, but the location of the shuttle stop was not in an area that cabs frequent. I would not ever stay here again and probably not ever in another Ramada facility after the experience with the staff ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1344,"mention":"Boston","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Boston_cream_pie"],"startOffset":1338}]}