{"text":"Real Customer Service I've stayed at most of the big hotels in Singapore, and the reality is that there's a lot of positives about all of them. I had not, for one reason and another, stayed at the Oriental. As I continued to read reviews, and with the benefit of an Amex FHR made a reservation. My trip includes some other fine stops; the Ritz-Carlton in Singapore and then the Park Hyatt in Saigon. However, my expectation was that my stay at the Oriental was going to be the best of them all (and the other two were very good indeed).The stay was good, but it didn't reach the level that I was anticipating. Generally the hotel is superb, but there were some items and some issues that grated. One was relating to an airport pick up car that Amex had cancelled well in advance, that had turned up and been charged to my room and stayed there even at check-out. (I promise you Changi airport is the one airport in the world that doesn't need an airport limo pick up. The worst experience on your way into town will be the ever increasing Singapore traffic.)I got an online survey from the hotel after I had left and I took care to provide some feedback that I was less than overwhelmed with my stay. As I've said not a disaster, just some issues. I might even have said that I preferred the Ritz Carlton.I then got a message from the hotel asking if I'd be willing to discuss my feedback.So, in what would have been late at night in Singapore (I'm in New York) the most charming lady (Michelle) called me from the hotel and listened to my feedback, and issues and the charge that I'd never managed to remove. She even listened to my gripes about the cost of room service, and that the door man didn't know where the Ford Factory Museum was (not many people do, it's about the Japanese occupation of Singapore and well worth a visit for history buffs)And she said the right things, and had the charge fixed the very next day. Finally I got a pleasant follow up note from the Duty Manager (Mandy).So, I have to admit that the service in the end did win me over and I'll be happy to stay there again.My only word of warning about the hotel - and others nearby - is that there is a lot of construction in the area. A situation I suspect that is not going to improve between now and the F-1 race. ","annotations":[]}