{"text":"Disappointing- ONLY has the view  I wanted to try  save some money on the lodging for our 2 week Hawaii vacation. After reviewing the great tripadvisor reviews of this hotel, I felt confident enough to book this hotel. The hotel is at the end of the extremely busy main strip but it isn't that quiet because the buses are turning the corner until late at night. The Lobby looks great. The front desk guy said oh you have the 'suite'... I don't get to check people in for that often. I told him it wasn't that much more and asked if it was nice and he said it was the 'shebang' of all the rooms. He probably shouldn't have gotten our hopes up. After exiting the elevator on the 15th floor, the hallways were more of a poor income type apt building. White scuffed walls, the bottom of the room doors were chipped, stains on the carpet, etc. When we got into our room (we reserved the Diamond Head Suite), the room was extremely crowded  after seeing the other rooms (I'll explain how we saw the other rooms later), it's appears to be the same size room but they added in a couch  table. The TV is perpendicular to the bed ( couch too) so you can't watch TV in bed. The air conditining was terrible so i was hot while we were trying to sleep. The room doors have about a 2 inch gap and it's a small pile carpeting so you can hear everything that goes on in the hallways (including the thin walls). I went outside on the balcony at 1 a.m. because it was colder outside than in our room (but humid) and as i looked to the left, there was another guest standing naked at his balcony door (UGH). About 2 hrs later, I heard knocking in the hallways of another hotel room door, i went outside to ask them what the problem was because there was obviously no one in the room and when i opened the door, there was a younger guy (20's) completely naked drunk in the hallway knocking on his buddy's door. It seems more of a party hotel where ALL you want is just a place to sleep. The next morning we asked them to fix our air conditoning sometime during the day (we were driving to the north shore). 6 hours later we got back  asked if it was fixed and she wasn't sure  told us to go to our room  call her if it isn't fixed. We went to our room, it wasn't fixed and to make a looooonnnnng story short, they couldn't fix our air conditioning  they had 'no other suites' to offer us so they asked us if we wanted to check out the other rooms and after checking out 2 other rooms, they both had terrible air conditioning (one of the rooms was ajoining to the naked guys room - what are the chances??). So they allowed us to cancel our reservation for the remaining 2 nights  we went next door to the Resort Quest (literally next door). We asked what they had available  they gave us a partial ocean room for $211 a night! It seems you get better deals by just walking in  asking since they are trying to fill their empty rooms. Yes, the Park Shore is in a good location  has awesome views, but i would only recommend it if you don't care at all about the room you have. I noticed now that most of the reviews are just bragging about the view  location and now I see why. This is the first time I've ever actually changed hotels vs just sticking it out. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":753,"mention":"White","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":748}]}