{"text":"Awesome - top notch My husband and I splurged on The Bale for our honeymoon and spent 3 nights over the new year here. From the time you arrive, you feel like you're in paradise. The design of The Bale is minimalistic and modern. I love the simple design of the rooms, and yet they have attap roofs to retain some Balinese feel.The LCD TV is placed strategically across the bed, which makes it good for viewing movies. This is not a given at some of the other villas I went to in Bali (though they are of course, of a different price range). It also comes with a DVD player which has a USB port and we managed to watch some movies which we saved on the thumb drive (in .avi format).There are 2 shower areas and I loved the outdoor shower. The water tasted a bit salty though! I'm not sure where it's from... The bathtub was slightly small but also well designed (tap with feet to plug in the stopper and tap to plug out). There was also a small LCD TV at the bathtub.We were in villa 30 which had the bath area lead directly to the swimming pool. The pool was small, not really for swimming, more for soaking and sunbathing. There was a bigger swimming pool in the compound which we didn't get to go. Beside the swimming pool is a pavillion where you get served breakfast, and for us, our candlelight dinner. The daybed at the pavillion was very comfortable for relaxing and I could still use wifi at the pavillion.The candlelight dinner was so-so, but service was great as usual. We loved breakfast! The menu was interesting and we could order as much as we wanted - which was fun on the first day, but by the last day, we only ordered quite little. The Fried Noodles is a must try! We had it on all three days. The juices were also good. The egg omelette was pretty normal. One thing to note about inroom breakfast, is that the portions get reduced by alot! We managed to order 1 Fried Noodles which was sufficient for 2 to share in Faces Restaurant, but inroom, it was only enough for 1 person. The juices also get halved.The service at The Bale was impeccable. We had the drivers drive us to eat local food (Mee soto, sate, babi guling), to the beach, The Bali Collection, a local pasar which were within fifteen minutes of the villa. We stayed one night in Ubud prior to staying at The Bale and had done our shopping in Ubud and on the way down to Nusa Dua. It is best to enjoy the villa rather than have the drivers drive you down to Kuta (crazy traffic jams) or spend the full day outdoors visiting the volcanos etc. You don't really get your money's worth IMO if you spend the whole day out.We had a great stay at The Bale and will definitely be back on our anniversary! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2126,"mention":"sate","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Satay"],"startOffset":2122}]}