{"text":"I can't believe some of these reviewers stayed at the same hotel I'm amazed by some of the things I read in other reviews of this hotel. Let me start by saying overall, I had a good time, but I think I would have had a good time at most places. We stayed at the Dreams the last week of April, 2008, and this is what we found.We had three rooms while we were there. The first was already occupied when we got to it. The second had a leaky ceiling. The third was fine. They did move us and upgrade us after the first mishap and we had to wait a day to get moved from the leaky room. They were easy to deal with and everyone was very nice, but we heard about other rooms in the complex and it doesn't seem like the hotel is in good condition b\/c quite a few people we talked to had something leaking or something else wrong with their room.Anyone that tells you the food is good might need to see a doctor. I did have a few good things to eat while I was there, but overall the food is aweful. The Mexican is by far the worst restaurant. I honestly think everything we ate there was prepared in a microwave. The steakhouse and seafood restaurants were ok, not great, but not bad. The thing we noticed is that they are very inconsistent with food. We ate dinner with another couple one night and everyone pretty much ordered the same thing and all the entrees came out different. Some overcooked and some undercooked. Bring a spice rack too. I thought the food would be spicy here, but it was surprisingly bland.Some miscellaneous good and bad items about the hotel. The pool is very nice. I've read some reviews that chairs and towels are hard to find. Chairs are always available. They just might not be right next to the pool or at the part of the beach you want, but there are enough. Towels are also available in the morning, but don't give your towel up b\/c they run out after lunch. The bars and drinks are fine. If you want more liquor in your drink just ask for it. Most bars and restaurants seem to be understaffed though b\/c you do have to wait sometimes, especially at night. They bring vendors in a few times a week to sell junk. I've been to all inclusives before and this is typical, but these vendors where very pushy. Avoid them. Finally, if you really want to go to the D.R., I would suggest something closer to the Airport. We didn't visit the hotels there, but we drive past and most looked very nice. The Dreams is a pretty good drive from the Airport on a very bumpy road, so if you're taking a 4 or 5 hour flight to get there you probably don't want to spend another hour driving that road. Check out the reviews for hotels closer to the Airport, I'm sure there's something good there. ","annotations":[]}