{"text":"value for money Stayed 5 nights at RPH at end July. I had 2 separate reservations due to different room rates - I called the hotel directly to book a single room for the first night and used the corporate deal for the rest. The rate showed on the website was cheaper than the one which the hotel offered. The reservation staff who could speak native English explained that they were under different reservation quotas (The hotel itself and Summit Hotel Group Reservation), and she could not give me the rate showed on the website. I expressed my disagreement and finally she offered me a rate which was lower than the one I found on the website and with BBF (I thought it's 21000 yen inclusive tax versus 22000 yen inclusive tax without BBF).I arrived at about 11pm in the evening. Check-in was smooth and fast (within 5 minutes). The single room was huge, clean and with a good quality of double bed (about 4 feet width). I also found a set of Shiseido facial product, a bag of Japanese hot spring powder and a set of toiletries for men at the bathroom. Every room had a Dell desktop with TV monitor for the guest use. I moved to the another room with twin beds next day. But the room size was slightly smaller than the single room I got last night, particularly it's with 2 standard single beds. There's only a set of men toiletries at the bathroom. Besides, set up was the same as single room. Internet access was fast and smooth. I used my own laptop and hotel's desktop somtimes if I just wanted to check something on the web and update news. Room service was fast (within 20 minutes) and the meal was not too bad. They also tried to fulfill our request of French Fries which they did not offer. I found they did not charge internet access on my bill, it's probably it's included on my corporate deal. But I am so happy to get a in-room computer so that I can access it whenever I wanted to. Concierge provided excellent service - wrapping service, helping us bring our luggages to the T-CAT Terminal. Overall, RPH is a standard business hotel with a touch of surprise. The only downside is it's not close to the shopping areas, such as Ginza, Shinjuka and Shibuya. ","annotations":[]}