{"text":"A bit disapointed This was our second stay in the D.R. (we stayed at Ocean Sand in February 2008) so we had some kind of expectations.On first view it's obvious that the Palladium is a big resort however as two healthy adults there really is not a necessity to use a train if you are staying in the Punta Cana section as you are in the middle of all three resorts (we used it once on our first night to try and orientate ourselves). We could walk anywhere in 5\/6 minutes and with all the food you're eating, it's no bad thing!!We had booked a standard room and were initially allocated room 2002 (one of the blocks leading to the beach). When we got to our room, we were really disappointed - after seeing all the lovely pictures of the rooms with the jacuzzi tubs in the room our room was really dark, on the ground floor and had a really small balcony.I understand they can't meet all requests, however I went to the front desk that evening to see if we could move - was told resort was fully booked, no can do! So we thought we would make the best of it as we don't generally spend that much time in the room.That night my husband got up to use the bathroom and found cockroaches on the bedroom floor. I understand that in hot countries you get bugs, but we were here for two weeks and there is just something so horrible about cockroaches,Next day we went back to reception, saw the same guy, same response until a manager happened to come walking past, and somehow that triggered a well we could move you to a villa room today. Perfect! We were moved to room 6518 and couldn't be happier.Buffet Food - All lovely apart from the standard of the meat. Saying that, I am a picky eater so you may go there and love it. I ate pretty much as a vegetarian as the meat was fatty and chewy.A la Carte's - Starters were fantastic, main courses were not so good. In the Mexican we ordered one of each of the four starters (between us) and skipped the main course.People - Very friendly staff and we didn't feel the necessity to tip for every drink like at the Ocean Sand (probably due to a lot fewer Americans).Punta Cana section is around 80% German, Spanish, French. It was very rare to hear another English, American or Canadian accent.Sunbeds at the pool - oh my goodness, we have travelled pretty widely and never before have I had to set an alarm for 6AM (!!!!!) to get a sunbed. If you were any later than 6.20am you would be lying on the concrete. This may have been a really super busy week, but was a bit of a nightmare. You feel absolutly stupid walking around in the dark at 6am putting out a towel but after a couple of days of laying on the concrete you will be doing the same!Beach - this hotel is situated on a very slim stretch of sand and was pretty packed, so maybe don't go expecting to take quiet romantic walks down the beach.I hope this doesn't sound like a really negative review, as I'm sure if you go here you will have a good time, we did, but I'm not sure it deserves to be marked on here as 10th best. It's a good budget hotel - and obviously if you get a good deal then a couple of weeks away from work having somebody cooking your meals and cleaning your room is never bad.I think one of the earlier reviewers hit the nail on the head it's like Butlins but 1000 times better - if you're comparing it to Butlin's you will think it's fantastic. If you are comparing it to another 4* in the Caribbean, you may be disappointed ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2225,"mention":"Canadian","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Molson_Canadian","http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Canadian_Club"],"startOffset":2217}]}