{"text":"Had a blast!! We just got back to the good ol' US of A from the closest thing to paradise we've ever experienced. We've never travelled out of the country other than to go to Canada and not fully knowing what to expect, we were very pleasantly surprised especially after reading other reviews. We spent the litle bit of extra money to upgrade our room to building 7, a master junior suite; it was worth the money; building 7 is the newest of the buildings. The room was stunning; always kept clean and the view from our balcony was beautiful (we overlooked the pool and could see the beach\/ocean). The mini bar could have been colder; we did complain but didn't seem to get a resolution. The room was cooler than outside but not as cold as we would have liked; it was tolerable but we showered 2-3 times a day. Never had problems with hot water like others have said in reviews we've read. We were a bit disappointed because there were no ice machines within any of the buildings around us. It was only a short walk to the bar and they were willing to give you bags of ice but without a cooler it was difficult to keep the ice from quickly melting. Next time we'll take a fold up cooler. And there will be a next time!!Regarding the food, overall it was pretty good. The buffets offered a number of selections and the italian and tex mex restaurants were good as well. It's difficult to accomodate so many cultures and we thought they did a great job. Remember you're in another country; don't over indulge and your tummy should be fine. The grounds and pools were beautiful; well maintained and clean. Juan is the best bartender ever (he's at the swim up bar where we spent most afternoons). At first he was polite but not friendly; after a day or two and a few bucks, he'd see you coming and have your drink ready!! We enjoyed talking with him; teaching him more English as he taught us more Spanish. No communication barrier there!! Dos cervezas, por favor!!Tipping wasn't really necessary but we did find that leaving a few dollars for the housekeepers and for the bartenders went a long way!! It's a good idea to take some $1 bills for them; they are very grateful and appreciative. The beach was also well maintained. There were days when the seaweed was worse than other days but we thought they did a great job of keeping it clean (after all it is the ocean). The water was clear and refreshing. Plenty of fish swimming around you; take some bread and you'll wonder where they all came from!!It didn't take us long to find others who spoke English. We enjoyed talking with couples from Canada and Germany as well as the group of ladies from Pennsylvania.Be prepared for hot and humid weather no matter the time of day. Drink plenty of bottled water (in between the rum and beer of course) and absolutely use sunscreen. And last but not least STAY AWAY from the multi ball roulette game. It is a complete scam; fortunately we didn't take the hook but too many others that we talked with lost thousands of dollars. The dealer was very slick and spoke fluent English. We had a very relaxing and enjoyable vacation. We would definitely recommend this hotel to others and plan to go back (hopefully sooner than later!) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1186,"mention":"cooler","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Cactus_Cooler"],"startOffset":1180},{"endOffset":2455,"mention":"bread","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":2450}]}