{"text":"Bed Bugs!!!! I selected the Aparthotel Acacia based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. I needed a room for three persons and the Aparthotel Acacia was the highest rated hotel that slept three.The location was in a residential area not a tourist area. But with a metro stop located so nearby - access to Barcelona was easy. The rooms were large by European standards with a small refrigerator and kitchenette. Wi-fi was free.But my concern involves BED BUGS! The morning following our first night there - I noticed four bites on my stomach. But as I had never in my years of travelling experienced bed bugs, I thought nothing of the bites. We spent all day out seeing the sites and went to a late dinner. When we returned for the night, I wen to change into my bed clothes and realized that I was covered with bites on my torso - almost 90 of them!!We were tired and worn out from our first full day in Spain but there was NO WAY that I could sleep in that room (401) . I called to the front desk told them of the bed bug bites and they gave us another room. We packed up all of our belongings and moved to the 6th floor. Just as we were unpacking everything, we were called and told that we needed to move to another room. By the time that we got moved and settled and all keys down to the front desk - it was 1:30. My husband was tired and frustrated and talked to the front desk about compensation - he asked for one night on a five night stay and the front desk told him that he could not authorize it but he was sure that we could do something agreeable.I was freaked out, I spent time researching bed bugs on the internet. And the news is not pleasant. They are difficult to see and terrible to get rid of. They are not necessarily caused by a lack of cleanliness but actually travel with people on their luggage. They hide and come out an hour before dawn. They are very transient and move from room to room and can live for 18 months without feeding but typically feed every 4-5 nights. Needless to say I did not sleep well that night or during our stay there.In hindsight, we should have moved hotels but it was a busy Easter weekend and finding a room for three persons would be difficult.The next morning I went down to the front desk and spoke with the day manager. I even showed him a photo of my back with the bites to show that they did exist. I wanted to know that they took me seriously and treated room 401 extensively. When we returned from that day of touring, I was told that they did not have bugs. They did not allow animals in their hotels and that their hotel is very clean. They offered me a 5% discount or 35 euros not because they believed there to be bed bugs but because they had incovenienced us and had us move twice- ha! - what a joke.I tried to contact the hotel owner directly to ensure that he was aware of my concerns and to ask for further compensation. But I received no response.My bites did not multiply but did continue to get moe uncomfortable and affected my pleasure in the vacation. My husband and daughter also wound up with several bites on them. I continued to read about bed bugs and how to keep from taking them home with me. BED BUGS are nasty - people actually move from their homes because they cannot get rid of them.Upon our arrival home - we were forced to wash everything in the hottest possible water and dry for 20 minutes. Everything and I mean everything was sealed and sterilized or frozen, They even have been known to get into computers so nothing is safe from bed bugs. I have done everything possible to stop the contamination of my home.But I want to warn future travellers to beware of Aparthotel Acacia. Even the cleanest of hotels can suffer with bed bugs. And if the Aparthotel Acacia did not take my situation seriously and treat not only room 401 but the entire hotel as recommended by pest control specialists - the BED BUG infestation will only continue. ","annotations":[]}