{"text":"Excellent; shame about the barman!! Hubby  I have just returned after a 4 night stay at the Hotel Jazz, booked solely on the recommendations of Trip Advisor travellers reviews. On the whole we were very pleased with our stay; the room was a good size with a massive,comfortable bed  excellent air conditioning which was essential as Barcelona was in the middle of a heatwave. Our room was facing the main street but no noise was heard. The location is brilliant, with easy access to most major sites either on foot or Metro (we mostly used Universitat Metro which is nearer the hotel than Catalonya.) The rooftop pool was a blessing but timings had to be right!! It got very busy around 4pm daily  was at times impossible to get a sunbed (due to towel blockers!!) or even a chair. We started to go out early to sightsee  returned to the pool earlier in the afternoon, when it was much quieter, which was a nice relaxing end to the day before going out for the evening. Breakfast was expensive at the hotel  as others have recommended, can be obtained from cafe's along the road for much less. We had several excellent  reasonably priced meals around the Placa Reial, left off Las Ramblas, with our favourite being La BoTiga which is on Carrer d' Escudellers. Don't get drawn in to the huge queues that form at the 15 Nits (yes really!!) in the corner of the square; other restaurants are as good  you get served straight away. The reception staff were helpful when approached but don't make a point of acknowledging guests when you enter or leave the building. We had a late flight  were kindly allowed to use the pool after check out.; however the pool barman quite rudely refused to allow us clean towels to shower with so we had to dry using ones very damp from the pool. He obviously has another job as the hotels laundryman!! Not a major issue but irritating considering the cost of the hotel  not an attitude you would receive from the Hilton for example. Otherwise a very enjoyable visit! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":910,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":906}]}