{"text":"fair stay at Bahia We returned from a 7 day stay at Bahia Principe on Oct 28. Many of the comments from previous guest are very accurate. I'll start with the positives. The resort is beautiful and huge (the tram makes it easy to get around). The beach is gorgeous with wonderful fluffy sand and warm clear water. The grounds are kept clean. The pools are a great change from the salt water and there are many of them to choose from. There are plenty of palapas at the beach and the pools. The drinks are good and plenty of them. The Coco Loco and Banana Mamma were our favorites from the Lobby Bar. We were in Diamond club so we went to the Italian Rest. for lunch daily. The Japanese restaraunt and the steak grill were really good for the a la carte dinners. Negatives:Our room stunk like must and humidity. It really smelled terrible. The cleaners moped with bleach one day but it still stank and we werent able to change rooms. I have washed all my laundry 2x and the smell is still in all my clothing.The food was typical buffet\/all inclusive fare, fairly greasy, not always the temp. it should be. The individual restaraunts were better. However, this is pretty typical of the previous 3 all inclusives we have stayed at in the past.Some thing that I ate made me very ill for 2 days. I had a fever and felt naseaus and was unable to go too far from the washroom. From talking to other guests many others fell ill the same days that I did. I assume it was something I ate.The worst part of our stay was having belongings stolen the day before we were to leave. We had tipped the maid daily and were fairly pleased with our room cleanliness. The items taken were an MP3 player and headphones, a new bottle of Lacoste cologne, digital sport watch and a $10 bill from my backpack. I highly reccomend you use the safe for EVERYTHING you can fit in there. These items were not excessively expensive but they are a hassle to replace and they add up. We reported it to the resort and they were only able to offer us spa services and 1 hour prior to our departure we werent interested. In my opinion they could have done more to compensate us or to resolve the problem. Apparently this is relatively common as well.The shows were terrible but that also is pretty common with all inclusives. I agree with the previous post about the thongs.Our neighbors had a problem with bugs and mosquitos in there room, try not to have a room near the pond.It is true most of the staff dont speak english. However you are in a Spanish speaking country. If you ask respectfully if they can speak English most of them can a bit. When we were there most of the guests were also Spanish speaking.Overall we had a fair time at the Bahia, however I highly doubt we will return there nor will we reccomend it to others. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":622,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":618}]}