{"text":"A dump, rip-off, poor service Arriving in Bali in late July we first stayed in the Santika Hotel at the Tuban end of Kuta.A pleasant 4* hotel.Unfortunately they were full after 3 days so we checked out.Contacting the Jayakarta we were told that the hotel rooms were full, but they had a 1-bed apartment available (the hotel consists of a hotel, which sits towards to the beach, with two buildings in front of it (toward the road) that constitue the apartments). I was told $85 plus $15 if I wanted breakfast for the third person.I was then asked when I would arrive so they could prepare the room, and said 8pm.Arriving at 8:30pm, we drove in, and I was immediately put off by the setting of the hotel,which is dominated by the car park against the nicely landscaped hotel we'd come from. Unloading family and bags from the car by the lobby, the two bellhops lolling just metres away made no attempt to help by loading the baggage onto a cart. Upon parking I was told to check-in at the building in front for the residence. So I went over to the residence (where I had parked my car), and was greeted by a sour-looking woman. Her manner was not pleasant and upon completing the check-in card she asked me to add my address in a rude manner (you get more pleasant staff in $5 hotels in Indonesia).I was not in a good mood. We were then told to go to our sixth floor room. Upon arrival we were told that despite promises the room was not ready we needed to go back to the lobby. So we did and were shuffled across to the opposite building.On walking through the hotel it's apparent how low-grade it is with poor-quality ugly materials such as the unpainted thick cement that passed for a door frame.The room was little better, having seen better years, with remote for the TV not working, the toilet permanently flushing, the fridge iced up and long ago cleared of its minibar function, the cutlery dirty, the sliding door to the toilet from the bedroom having come off its hinges and ths unusable.At 8:30 the next morning a rude knock came on the door waking us up, requesting to clean the room. Not really what you expect in a hotel. Of course they made no effort to come back at a more civilized hour and clean the room.The breakfast was typical low-grade package tourist, chaotic, with no plates at the egg station (get it yourself, but they've run out at the moment, wait a few minutes), and on ordering two omelettes for wife + myself and handing over the plates and sitting at my nearby the requested omelettes with my requested fillings were inexplicably given to the person behind me. The replacement eggs were wrongly prepared and had to be redone. The food was actually not too bad, but the restaurant was so overcrowded that we didn't bother with it on our second and third nights.On checking out we went down to the lobby of our apartment building. Sorry, you have to check out at the other building It was unclear why they had a lobby there at all, as the one staff seemed to be hiding behind it.So we went to the opposite building. Do you want to pay by credit card? Yes. Sorry, you have to check out in the hotel. So why did the hotel tell me they couldn't check me in there if I had to check out there?Upon finally checking out they had added $11\/night to the bill for breakfast for the third person. I told them I had discussed my requirements on the phone and had not requested breakfast, that only two people ate breakfast, on one occasion only, but they insisted I had to pay. Despite an argument they refused to budge.Of course having gone through all this, I missed my flight.Avoid this hellhole, you will get better service in a $20 small hotel\/guesthouse, and if you need amenities I'd recommend a proper 4 or 5* place not a package tourist scrum that's really not necessary in Bali, a land where staff are cheap and smiles come for free. ","annotations":[]}