{"text":"Truly Mixed Feelings... Really Wanted to Like it ... But... We stayed here in mid July for six nights and seven days, four of those days attending a convention at the resort.We have a lot of mixed feelings and I have to say that if it wasn't for the great rate we got (nearly 70% off rack) because of our convention, we probably would rate this stay a lot lower. First the good...1. Location: It is convenient to the Desert Ridge marketplace, a full service mall including a 20 screen movie theater and dozens of restaurants. The Resort runs a shuttle every 15 minutes or so to the mall. If you have a rental car - it's location is very convenient to Phoenix's highway system and downtown is only 20 minutes away. 2. Grounds\/Atmosphere: well kept - and you can't beat the bunny brigade as we called it. In the late afternoons, dozens of rabbits plop on the green grass and stretch out - it's an almost surreal experience which is fun for young and old alike. There is a lot of grounds to explore... Although I have to say Orlando's JW Marriott's lazy river is much more fun, there are at least more pools to choose from. The slide would be more fun if it wasn't turned off so early3. Rooms: Pretty typical for Marriott - which still has the best beds of most any hotel in it's tier. Bathrooms are nice and the flat screens come with full computer interface to hook up your laptops too. Patios in every room are a nice touch and big enough to host 4 friends relaxing.4. Front Desk Staff, Concierge, housekeeping and Parking Staff were great folks and easy to talk to and represented the Marriott brand wellNow the not so good...1. Service: Outside of the folks mentioned in #4 above, We were extremely disappointed in the service by the other staff. We had better experiences with service at Motel 6 and other budget brands then some of the people we ran into here at this JW. The lounge and bar staff were completely rude, hard to get a hold of and just not very pleasant people to deal with. Our waiter at Roys and one of our waiters at the Blue Sage were the rare exception to the restaurant staff as well. If I ever stay here again - I would much rather take a shuttle to Desert Ridge Marketplace and eat over there than waste any more money at the Resort restaurants and their rude service..2. Speaking of staff - the lack of friendliness at the pools by staff was also very noticeable - and quite honestly for what we're paying (if it was normal rack) - we would expect a few more options poolside for drinks and snacks similar to how Orlando's JW resort runs. 3. If you like the all in one contained resort experience, I suppose you will like the entertainment options (2 golf courses, spa, etc) available - but we made more trips into Phoenix than the average guest because quite frankly, these resorts can get boring and drain your pocketbook dry. So maybe in all fairness this complaint isn't fair to direct at this JW specifically - but imo, if you plan to stay a few days here consider renting a car (AT THE AIRPORT - NOT THE RESORT - YOULL SAVE LOTS OF MONEY) and exploring the area more.I am not overly picky about service but the consistent attitude and not so hot service we received from the lounge, restaurant and other staff here reduced our rating a whole star alone. Anyway - We would recommend this resort if you get a great deal but if you're paying full rate - you'd be much better off perhaps at another one of the many, many resort properties in the area. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":777,"mention":"bunny","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bunny_chow"],"startOffset":772},{"endOffset":1417,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1413}]}