{"text":"Excellent experience again! I have stayed at many of the most popular business hotels in Hong Kong, but I retruned to this property for a second time, due to an excellent experience here last year. Often I find hotels have difficulty maintaining the high standards they set for themselves however, this is not the case here. Again the experience has been excellent.After an exhausting trip from Los Angeles, I was promptly met by an extremely pleasant staff member at the airport and was whisked in away in a Mercedes Limo. The driver also very pleasant for 5:00 am. I was met at the door and checked in immediatley and shown to my room. Hot tea and a large and very fresh bowl of fruit were waiting, which I enjoyed for breakfast.The rooms are very luxuriously appointed and large, with excellent views over the city or the harbour. The rooms are extremely well equipped for the business traveller; wireless broadband, in room fax machine, and a multi-country\/voltage power bar, large desk, and a proper leather multi adjustable office chair, unlike many hotel's that go for looks over function.The beds are incredibly comfortable, with down filled duvets, and a braod pillow menu. Large flat screen TV and DVD player, and braod range of english channels.The bathroom is beautifully done in dark wood, and, balck, brown and red marble. Amenities are by L'Occitaine, the best in my opinion. Flat screen TV here as well.Anything you need, just dial service center or push the butler call button, and service is immediate and very professional. The staff are consistantly outstanding.A good assortment of restaurants in the hotel, of which I have found again excellent both in quality and service, although as a matter of habit I prefer not to eat in hotels but explore the local cuisine.I really appreciate the location of this hotel, as it is very convienent for business (5 minutes walk to the Lippo Center) and has a very large shoopping mall at its base (Pacific). Quick taxi ride to good assortment of restaurants, bars and nightclubs.There is also and excellent gym and spa on the 8th level of the hotel, which includes an 11 meter pool, as well as Sauna's and a steam room. I would highly recommend this Shangri La, as it is clearly the best I have stayed at. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":645,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":642}]}