{"text":"Resort is pricey and lousy but location is simply awesome We stayed at the El Conquestador during 1st week of Feb. It was a company sponsored trip so I didn't really have to worry about the expenses but sometimes I felt that this is such a rip off.1) Resort itself is old, it is painted but the furnishing are outdated and dirty. I would never pay for such lousy rooms myself.2) Location is awesome, picturesque views of the Carribean, private Island is amazing. 3) Staff was friendly, no problems with that, they did mess up our bills but after persistent calling they fixed that.4) Food: Food in the resort is aweful and pricey, my suggetion is to get a car and eat outside, local food is really good but you won't get served that in the resort. You can't walk out of the resort to get something to eat, there is nothing there. You would need to drive, by eating outside you might be able to save the amount you pay for the car rental. 5) Transport: The transportation is very limited and pricey, plan your trip so can rent a car. It will allow you to explore better parts of the island, if you are there only for 2-3 days, you could just spend that on the resort. Or rent a car for part of your stay. Book in advance.6) Things to do- Palomino Island: Jet Ski and other water sports, the island is beautiful and you get drinks and food served to your place. One word: Paradise.- RainforestWe took the rainforest tour, it's a half day tour and you can get the shuttle from hotel, it is pretty nice, if you have time you should go there yourself and do some trekking. I would have loved to spend more time in the rainforest, the tour was short.- San JuanWe rented a car from Avis (Avis members get 20% discount) and drove to San Juan, you can get directions to the city from Conceirge. It's beautiful place,very good food, touristy, the forts are nice too. You can spend a day there, it does get a little tiring walking across the city. Take your sunscreen and water with you. You can buy your souveniours from there.- KayakingWe did the Kayaking night tour, you have to Kayak in the night for around a mile through marshes, and you can get to the bioluminiscnce bay. It's not adventurous but a fun event.-SpaMy wife just loved the spa, it's very nice, must do on your vacation.In summar spend as much of your time outside of your room as possible. ","annotations":[]}