{"text":"Impeccable from start to finish! We arrived into Tokyo for the start of our business trip... without luggage... (so the story begins).We ordered the Meet and Greet service at the airport, a lovely woman (who waited almost an hour while we were dealing with our luggage, which was still somewhere in Europe), guided us to the train and even arranged for the hotel to provide us with a private car (and driver) to take us shopping ... so we would have suitable attire for our business meetings the next day.When we arrived into Tokyo Station (taking the ever so convenient Narita Express), a Four Seasons rep met us on the platform, precisely at our car (which is called ahead by the airport greeter), who guided us through the station maze to the hotel. The hotel: Stunning! Comfortable beyond explanation. No toiletry was missing (which was most appreciated, since we had almost nothing in our hand luggage). The lobby is on the 7th floor and affords excellent views. The staff: We arrived with only one hour left to shop for business clothes; our stretch 7-series BMW car with white-glove-wearing driver awaiting our arrival. We were whisked away to a Ginza dept. store; the driver waited patiently in front... we were astounded at this level of service! Not only did each member of the staff graciously accommodate our requests, they diligently chased up our luggage (communicating regularly with the airport) to ensure that everything arrived as soon as possible (we had to take a Shinkasen to Osaka the evening after our arrival). We can't thank everyone enough for taking such good care of us after a long flight, in our exhausted state.Admittedly, we were a bit rushed and could not enjoy the hotel facilities (restaurant, gym) as we wished, but the room was luxurious - and the large bathtub (complete with aromatic bath salts) was divine. We can't imagine staying anywhere else in Tokyo: the staff, the property, the location - all perfect! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":602,"mention":"Four Seasons","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Four_Seasons_Restaurant"],"startOffset":590}]}