{"text":"Okay if you are there for the surfing.... other deals to be had. Hmm, stayed here on 29\/ 30th April 2008. What can I say... good standard for a back packer, not so good for \/ my mum - far too dated . Worst than some backbacker places I have stayed at actually - and I have travelled alot- and we were in delux! Bathroom had a unscrewed toilet seat, bath and floor were dirty even though they had been cleaned - only took a shower no way could you spend anytime than necessary in those bathrooms.To be fair to the place, it is good value for money if you are in for the surfing\/ diving\/touring and are there for a couple of days and not bothered about your room. Outside gardens\/ food \/bar are done up to a good 3 star standard - just a shame about those rooms!! Checked out after two nights- to a lastminute deal in a five star resort in Nusa Dua (near enough the same price too!). Oh, and there are no proper security checks in place either at BGH ie. no detectors before you go through the gates\/ gates closed in routine - felt it was a bit lax with procedures, though there were security guys around, I think anyone could have walked in to the complex.To sum up a good point: Compliments to the tour driver in Bali Gardens, we had an excellent day out to the volcano\/ Ubud - so there is a plus!One bad point: a rat running passed my lounge chair- now wondering if there were a family of rats under the decking!! As I mentioned, we moved to Nusa Dua for the remaining four nights... in an apartment, with 2 plasma screens, really comfy bed, FREE WIFI!, DVD, exceelent security, good food, infinity pool, sand beach, beach bar, lots of sun loungers, spa... five star luxury really... at virtually the same price (par the inflated tour prices - which you can dodge if you do your own research)! Maybe I'm a backpacker all grown up, but sometimes a little bit of luxury goes a long way... especially good value five star deals!Anyone reading this who's a diver? Took me a bit to find a dive co.....Aquamarine divers - well recommended. ","annotations":[]}