{"text":"Fantastic Hotel! Will stay again! I have just returned from a lovely stay at the Mercure Sydney and would certainly recommend it! My partner and I stayed at the there over the weekend following a business conference on Friday. The hotel staff were fantastic and during check-in on Friday morning i mentioned we had a late flight out of Sydney on Sunday night and they immediately offered a free late check-out! We were given a room on the 5th floor which had a double bed and very large LCD TV. Also had small bathroom with shower\/bath and basic hygiene products (soap\/body-wash\/ shampoo\/conditioner etc).As I was running late for a business meeting the concierge had a cab waiting downstairs for us after we dropped off our bags. Upon returning to the hotel that evening we decided to inquire about upgrading our room for the weekend as we rarely get away and wanted to make the most of it. The staff were really helpful and offered us an upgrade to a balcony room with city view on the 12th floor for only $40 a night! Gus the concierge was very helpful as we went to collect our bags from our first room and move to our new room. The new room was slightly larger, had a queen sized bed, more cupboard space and fridge with kettle and basic tea\/coffee supplies. The balcony was a decent size and the view was much nicer than the wall we had been previously facing. Bathroom and TV were the same. Both rooms however were really clean, comfy and had lovely soft sheets and pillows.We really enjoyed getting breakfast delivered to our room each morning. We would just fill in the card at night saying what we wanted and the next morning at the specified time they would bring you a lovely tray with hot cooked breakfast. Prices were really reasonable (about $10 each), however i can't say the same for the rest of the room service menu which was very over-priced. You didn't need to go far to get great food though. Chinatown is on the doorstep, Darling Harbour is a 5 min walk away and Central station is also right outside so the location is really fantastic!Overall a lovely stay and would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a lovely place to stay on a budget. ","annotations":[]}