{"text":"Dominican Difficulty We have been to Punta Cana before. So, we thought we'd try another resort there. When we arrived there we were taken to our two rooms. The door to our daughters room was already wide open. Shortly after settling in our daughters found a cockroach or other big species running around the room. We went to the front desk and told them the girls wouldn't be able to sleep with that moving around the room. They couldn't or wouldn't understand the word cockroach. They barely understood the word bug. They said they'd have someone take care of it, but after supper we found it still there. We called them back and helped them remove it ourselves.Right from day one, the food didn't seem appetizing. We tried a three ala-carte restaurants and they all serve the same food as the buffet. Your jaw will get a real workout chewing the steak at the steak house. After a few days it appears they were re-serving the food from the previous day. After three days there, three of us got food poisoning. It was fun after that. Most staff at the hospital can't speak english. There was many other people at our resort sick at the same time.We survived, but that wasn't the only objective of the trip. Thankfully, we did some sailing, so it wasn't all a loss. Pretty much didn't eat for the last couple of days. We were never so happy to see the Wendy's at the airport.If you can speak fluent spanish, you're probably OK going to Dominican. Our previous trip there was great. However, what I realized is, if everything goes without a hitch it can be a fun place. If anything goes bad, it goes really bad. You could find yourself in a hospital with staff administering meds and you have no understanding of what you're getting. Spanish is the official and only language medical staff are allowed to use in the Dominican. I like the Dominican people. I think there are other good resorts. This one seemed poorly managed. Taking precautions, a person could enjoy Dominican. Choose a resort with raving reviews. Look closely at the bad reviews. As for us, we won't be going back to the Dominican. We'll stick to the english speaking islands. I'm just glad to be back home. It's made me realize how wonderful our food standards are here in Canada. ","annotations":[]}