{"text":"Sirenis - Just what we expected! Just got back from the Sirenis Cocotal. We traveled from MSP from Mar.22-29.We had 11 people with us. Were 1 hour late departing MSP as we had to deice the plane so our arrival at the hotel was also late. The hotel staff were waiting for us when we arrived with a welcome drink in their hand. Some of our rooms were not available when we arrived and we were all not to happy with that as we were late. Rooms were all ready within an hour or so. We went with Apple vacations and the hotel knew you by the gold wrist band you wore. They even had a welcome cocktail party for Apple vacationers, the had drinks and hors de veres, and even came looking for us when we couldn't find when it was being held. Thought that was nice.Rooms were ok as said in some of the reviews we thought our air conditioner did not really keep the room as cool as we wanted but we just ran the fan every night. Lots of closet room and the bathroom were nice. Our toliet had to flushed 2 times everytime you used it but then it seemed to work. We were in building I 101. Has a view of the pool. We were kinda of upset when all 11 of us were in different buildings when we all booked together. and really early (Dec.2007).Found the buffet was good. We only ate 1 day at the beach as we found the food to be overcooked. So ate at the buffet at the beach everyday. Ate at the Steak,Seafood and Jade resturants, found the food was good at all 3 places.The guys that ran the games by the pool really worked hard. They made sure they'd stop and talk to all of us everyday in the BAT CAVE as we called our place in the shade.The swim up bar on the Cocotal side of the hotel seemed to make the drinks very strong. But if you showed them how much booze you wanted they would listen. Some in our party really never found a drink we really like. The Irish Creme they call Mollys was pretty good.As started in some of the other reviews the hotel is far away from everything so we all stayed there for the entire week, and by the end of the week some of us were bored.The entertainment was ok only went to 2 shows. But you could tell they worked very hard.This was me and my husbands 6th time to DR and would say this was about number 3,as we were at a Iberostar in LaRomana which was better. Also had been to Puerto Plata 3 times. With one stay at the Bahia San Juan which we thought was also better.All in all a good time was had by all and would recommend this resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":755,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":751}]}