{"text":"The Best trip we've been on We had read multiple reviews on this place and everyone that gave Excellence a 5 was right on. We had the most wonderful time and throughly enjoyed our trip. Everything was wonderful. The rooms were very clean and so was the rest of the resort. We absolutely loved Excellence and can't wait to go back.First off to warn you the shultte ride over be prepared. It is a little crazy but all you can do is laugh about it. I thought that Chicago had bad drivers, but this was a whole different experience. We got to the resort and they greeted us with cold wet towels and champagne. That was really neat. Edwin at the front desk waited on us and was great. He asked if we had just gotten married and he told us about the special honeymoon package for free. What that included was okay...it was a special breakfast in bed (we weren't sure what it was but some sort of egg and bagel) and a romantic dinner in oine of the restraunts which was really nice. We had our romantic dinner at The Grill. We were in building 11 which was a walk from the front desk but we didn't mind it, it helped us burn off all that extra food we ate. The food was pretty good. There were some things that were definitely different but for the most part it was all pretty good. Breakfast was probablly my favorite! All of the staff was great! Everyone was really nice and so polite and honestly the best service I have gotten. It was hard to come back and go out to dinner because it was no where near the service that we received there. Then there was the entertainment staff they were the best! :) We really liked them all but our favorite was Rey. He always had us out playing volleyball and doing fun activities and games in the pool. He would always say hi to us and call us by our names which I really liked and was very impressed that he remembered. He was so much fun, we really enjoyed him. All of the entertainment staff was great we also liked Francisco he was a lot of fun and he gave me my dominican name (that's what we said, he always remembered my new nickname that he gave me) They would all try and get you to go down to the disco at night and we didn't until our second last night which we do regret. Go sooner than we did. One thing we would for sure recomend is taking one of the tours. We took an Island tour through Truitner and it really was the most memoriable part of the trip and worth the money. We really enjoyed it. We went to an island that they call the prettiest down there and the water is so clear that you can see the bottom when you are on the boat.One place you have to go for food is Chez Isabelle. That was the best and we didn't eat there until the last night. We wish we had tried it sooner. Their steak was amazing as well as the desserts.One thing not to miss is the Michael Jackson show. If you are or ever were even slightly a Michael Jackson fan it is the best. You could tell that they worked really hard to make that a lot of fun. That was our favorite show. This is a place that I would go back to right now if I had the money and the time off work. My husband and I loved it so much that we really wanted to move down there. It is absolutely gorgeous. It is so relaxing and peaceful. I have been down ever since we got back I miss it that much. We highly recomend this resort!!! It was excellente!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":903,"mention":"bagel","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bagel"],"startOffset":898}]}