{"text":"Perfectly Perfect Casa Gonzalez was the perfect place for my family to stay in Mexico City. It is located just north of El Paseo de la Reforma. I had heard that the Zona Rosa might be a sketchy place to stay, but my family had no problems there whatsoever. Casa Gonzalez is on a quiet block, right by two embassies (US and UK) and there were always police nearby. In fact, there were police (both public and private) every where in Mexico City, adding to the feeling of safety all over the city. It was a relatively quick (less than 6 blocks) walk to the subway, which we rode everywhere with no hassles. There were shops, restaurants, and street vendors nearby to supply us with anything we needed.The hotel itself was perfect for my family. It had separate rooms for my children and for my husband and me. There was a balcony and the bathroom was quite large. Open sitting rooms throughout the buildings of the casa (remember, this was actually once a house) were comfortable and beautifully decorated. The furniture and artwork throughout are beautiful and original pieces to the casa. There are not lots of ameninities--hair drier, iron, or even a tv. If those things are important to you, this may not be the place to stay. We were constantly busy and so we did not miss a television and in fact, it simply allowed our children (7 and 8) no excuse not to read or explore the hotel's gardens. In the interest of full disclosure, the main bedroom did have two twin beds, instead of one double, but we just pushed them together and it was no big deal.The hotel has laundry service--which we used. They will also feed you B and B-style for breakfast and dinner--which we did not use. There is a small cafe that serves snacks and beverages and has internet access. Prices there were very low and we used the cafe almost daily.Mr. Gonzalez was extremely kind, going so far as to hang pictures my children had painited in the cafe. His staff was hard-working and kind as well, always ready to help us.I read on reviews that there was no hot water, but we did not have that problem. While the bath was not as modern as a US hotel chain (frankly, it looked like our bath in our 1924 home), it was clean and spacious and everything worked.I felt like I was staying in a Mexican home, not a stale hotel chain. I would not for a minute hesistate staying in Casa Gonzalez again or recommending it to others. It truly added to our Mexico City experience. ","annotations":[]}