{"text":"Disappointing but good value for the price We stayed here for one night while on holiday on the Costa Brava. We booked this hotel as it was recommended by a friend from Barcelona and was one of the only decent looking places for less than 250 euros. The handy access from the station is good but not well signposted so you can walk in a circle trying to find it! This entrance closes however at 12pm and the only other way in we saw was up some steep metal stairs which looked like they'd be a nightmare if you'd had a few cavas in town. The Bus Touristic also stops right outside on it's blue line which was handy, although the bus was packed every time it came past and we couldn't always get on the first one that came. This bus also only runs until 8pm, when it changes into a nighttime tour that you have to pay again for. The room was OK - spacious and with a great view of the city, but it just seemed to be really dated, I think the choice of green for all the wood etc was a bad one. The bed was absolutely massive, and a welcome relief from the tiny campbed we had been on in our selfcatering apartment. The bathroom however was about the same quality as in our apartment - cracked tiles, missing sealant around the bath, 30 year old rusty taps. Really disappointing. We decided to have breakfast in the hotel and that was also pretty disappointing. A reasonable selection but they could have done so much more. A lot of the things they listed on the breakfast advert in the room weren't actually available, like milkshakes which were specified as being a feature (cue one disappointed husband!!). If you do stay here also check out the vending machines on the reception floor by the gym - bottled water is 55 cents here rather than the 2.50 the minibar charges, and it stocks icecreams too. I'd say for a handy location (if you're travelling from the Sants station) and the price (cheap for Barcelona), this is a good place to stay but don't expect great things. ","annotations":[]}