{"text":"Great room, free vacation Very impressed with this hotel. I attended a 4 day training class and trip was paid for by the company. The class was relatively easy and left me AMPLE time to enjoy this hotel and other sights. I was on the seventh floor, with a view overlooking the main strip (ala moana blvd) and had a great partial view of the ocean and Waikiki from the balcony. Two queen size beds, which if I dig deep, would be my only complaint; I found the bed to be too soft. BUT this is minor! Room was very clean, with sink and seperate bathroom with sink as well. It had a small refridgerator and service was sublime! John the night clerk recommended a most excellent pub when I arrived late in the evening (The Yard House, 130 beers on tap!) Tired and a little razzzeled from Honolulu's slightly confusing maze of streets, John knew the look and instantly recommended the place. Outstanding! Service was well maintained on all levels! The hotel front is located right on the Ala Moana and within easy reach of everything you want...shopping during the day, nightlife, and Waikiki is but a couple blocks. Not directly on the beach, but who cares...outstanding facility!Another person who attended the class had a slightly different room on the 6th floor, with king bed, and overlooking the park (no ocean view). He did however have a two burner stove and microwave in the room, which mine did not. But I did not care, I enjoyed some fabulous food at other places.Parking is available; however I am not sure if they charge for this or not. As I said, company paid the bill. I had G2 parking with my own slot assigned. My companion had G1 parking and did not have a specific spot assigned. He did try to park within G2 one night, but received a notice not to park there again, only on G1. So G2 may cost more to park.And if you like Ribs, Tony Roma's is a block up the street on the opposite side and a good Thai Restaurant, Keos is located directly across. 'nuff said, enjoyed my time at Waikiki! Brilliant hotel! ","annotations":[]}