{"text":"Could be great, depending on your needs. We stayed here, having stayed at the sister hotel in Causeway Bay, and wanting to experience a couple of locations on the island. As a family we found it difficult to book sleeping arrangments to suit us anywhere, even with only wheeling in a cot and having our other young child on our existing bedding. It seems the rooms are small here and mostly you are required to either upgrade to a suite or get two rooms (fine except if you can't get adjoining rooms you're seperated as a family...)So I was surprised that the hotel website allowed us to book a comfort room as a family. I was more surprised when we arrived and were told they weren't sure the cot would fit... I understood what they meant when we got to the room. Two small single beds and just enough room for the cot. I'm not sure what room we had been given as the hotel was quite full and we were upgraded the following night to a larger room (which was ok).Perhaps the website had a fault as Ive since noticed 'no children permitted' next to most of the rooms on the website! Certainly we seemed out of place in this business hotel and it was pretty hard going in such a small space for all of us but I can hardly complain as it was a very very very good price for us to stay there (considering what we had paid for a suite at the other hotel).To the hotel: It was modern and clean. The bathroom was perfectly clean and the room had most of what you'd need. The views were pretty ordinary. Teh first room had an ok road view, certainly nothing flash, but the second room looked out over alleyways and the back of apartment blocks with air conditioning units. It was hideous really but then I didn't sit staring at it. The room was kind of chic anyway so it made up for it. If I was on my own or in a couple I'd be more than happy. It just wasn't really suitable for families like ours; though older kids with their own room would be fine. There was no pool or gym or anything like that and the restaurant was just average. The buffet breakfast was reasonably priced (they gave us a discount) but a bit strange with its combinations of ye olde english style food and bits of asian etc. I didn't really get into it... but it was adequate.The main attraction here is the location, which is great. There are restaurants near the hotel and plenty within a short walk; there is a train station a block away; a tram line outside; the star ferry a short walk. Near the hotel are some factory outlet shops that look pretty bad from the outside but stock some amazing stuff but you need to be willing to rummage a bit (I bought for HK$50 Bebe shirt with original US price tag at US$260...)All in all a fine choice if you're going to be out and about and need somewhere for a short stay close to everything. For longer stays or holidays you're probably better heading elsewhere. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":602,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":595}]}