{"text":"This is our new destination spot This was the best trip so far and let me tell you that my hubby and I (age 33 and 35) work, live and breathe to travel. We went to many upscale resorts from Jamaica to Hawaii and prefer to pay slightly more to feel extravagant once a year, to eat better and sleep in nicer rooms. This resort was amazing. It had absolutely everything: good food, excellent service, clean and spacious room, and definitely no lack in entertainment. We will definitely go back again.I was worried that We will be surrounded by screaming kids as we usually try to avoid family resorts and stick to adults only places, but this resort was great for every age and any kind of gathering, and due to its size no one feels overwhelmed with any one's presence . Upgrading to gold was soooo worth it mostly because all our questions were answered by our own representative in golden club house ( which is a special section in the hotel lobby). Also, We were situated in villa 20, the one closest to the beach and during the day it was fantastic to just pop in to your room and use the washroom whenever, during the night it was cool to hang out on the beach and skinny dip while surrounded by no other sounds except the waives. No lobby noise.The whole resort is designed so that the night life is in the Pueblo Principe town which is farthest away from villas, and no one really bothers any one.Another benefit of Gold membership was that we had 4 guaranteed reservations which we made the same night we arrived and that was smart as we heard later on that some restaurants got booked fast.Japanese was our favourite!!! Buffet was excellent for both lunch and dinner and you have choice of so much food that there is no way any one can say that they could not find something they liked.I read all kinds of reviews and honestly when we were there, meeting people and talking to so many of them not one had anything bad to say, except the girl that fell on the glass in disco and cut her arm. I read her review and realized that I met her there. One bad issue like that can totally spoil your holiday.Entertainment was excellent. Disco was happening, as well as the lobby after dinner where the man on the piano plays and sings to some of the greatest tunes.The beach chair problem is not really a problem at all, people make a big issue for nothing. There is lots of chairs and plenty of shade, and not everyone wants the same spot so just relax and if you are up by 9 am you will be fine to find the chair before going for breakfast.My advice is to get up no later than 9 am, because i noticed that afternoons are mostly cloudy so go and get the vitamin E your body needs and take advantage of the DAY . You can always nap on the beach chair.My second advice is to get a massage in the spa if it's a rainy day and you feel bored. We got a couple massage and it was worth $65.00 US for both of us for half and hour. Good deal .Also, don't forget playing cards or at least one board game....If you are like me a workaholic... when do you get a chance to play cards in paradise.And it is truly a paradise. And it is how you make it!!!! Some were writing that this place is not romantic, but in my opinion resort itself has little to do with it. You have a moon, sea, mama huana (dominican viagra) which by the way works, music to make you move.... All you need is love! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":893,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":889}]}