{"text":"Great Location, But... I've just spent a week at this hotel on a business trip where I stayed in one of the south wing rooms with a pleasant view over Wynyard Park. The room was acceptable, with a large, comfortable bed. Bathroom was fine for my needs, although it is somewhat dated, and one should note that the range of toiletries provided is limited. There were also coffee\/tea making facilities and a minibar, although i had to request for the latter to be re-stocked when I used anything.Overall impression is that the hotel is a bit tired although the public\/communal areas are generally well-maintained.On the plus side:- I have to agree with other reviewers in that the position is great, particularaly if you're travelling on business and want to take advantage of limited opportunities to explore some of Sydney.- Lots of local shops, bars, restaurants. However, please note that this part of town, in my experience, largely closes down on Saturday and Sunday. In that case you will have a ten or fifteen minute walk to find eating and drinking.- The first floor cocktail bar has live entertainment on Thurs\/Fri every week.- Compared to hotels in many other countries, it did seem to offer accommodation that is good value for money.On the not-so-good side:- Staff were patchy. The person serving me at check-in (I admit I'm not after my best after a 24 hour flight) was less than welcoming and even off-hand. However, most other staff couldn't have been more helpful. - Lots of large tourist coach parties coming and going during the week. These seemed to be either school children or senior citizens. The real problem with this is that they all descend for breakfast at the same time, so you can have trouble getting a seat. It also seemed to me that the school parties were all booked onto the same floor, which I could imagine could be noisy if you happen to be on the floor below (I wasn't, so can't speak with authority on this).- Limited choice of TV channels- You need a wireless-capable laptop to access the internet from your room.- The bar is very expensive, although, unlike some other reviewers, I did not think that the full breakfast was untoward.- The interconnecting doors between rooms are not well sound-insulated. Even when people were talking at a normal level, it was quite possible to hear next door's conversation in my room. If their TV was turned up loud, then it was really distracting. This is not ideal if you are jet-lagged nor, I would imagine, is it something that you would want if travelling with your partner.- The city council decided to dig up the road a block or so from the hotel. What's the problem with that? Nothing in principle, but they started sometime around one o'clock in the morning for two consecutive days.Overall, it was a pretty average stay. Whilst the construction noise was not the hotel's fault, I would have expected them to know that this was happening and communicate appropriately with the guests. This did not happen. ","annotations":[]}