{"text":"Loved the MO except.... As a local resident in Singapore, I decided to stay at the MO to watch the preview of the nation's National Day parade. As it was a busy weekend on Aug 2-3rd, the hotel was certainly put to the test in service standards. I was pretty perturbed when I reached the hotel for a check-in at 3pm and realised that my room was still not ready for occupation. I was told to wait for 1.5hrs. I was merely told I was to be allocated a higher floor than I had originally booked but not given any form of compensation while I waited. The front desk could have given me a welcome drink and told me to take a rest in the club lounge while I waited. Does that mean I had to wait and check time and again till I was eventually allocated a room? No answers were given. Was this the kind of service standards I had expected from a top ranking tripadvisor hotel? What's more, such service standards strayed from the usual standards I would expect from a MO hotel ! I began to wonder if It was because I was a local resident and not an international guest and therefore not given priority in room allocation. I know that front desk was under a lot of pressure but my point was that they could have been better prepared to deal with such a tight and pressing condition. I had no choice but to store my luggage with concierge and go ahead for a swim at the pool while I waited. Along the way, I was put through some inconvenience as I was still afterall a hotel guest, with no room but using hotel facilities. I waited patiently till half past five and still there was no news from front desk. I decided to go downstairs to front desk and after much difficuly, they finally found me a room. My question is - If I did not go downstairs at 6pm to enquire, would it mean that I was simply forgotten and had to wait till 7pm to get my room when I should have been given at 3pm? That would mean that I would have to miss half the show at the Marina bayfront where the preview was happning - the only reason why I chose to check in at the MO as it was directly facing the bayfront. I even had to remind the front desk there was a need for some form of compensation for the time lost. I was rather shocked such reminders had to be given after reading reviews about the excellent service standards at MO Singapore ! Are local guests not guests of the hotel at all? I was only able to speak to the Duty Manager subsequently who proceeded to apologise and compensate me for my time lost. The next day, I also received a personal apology note and a box of chocolates.Perhaps this was only an isolated event about their lack in service standards. The duty manager had superbly demonstrated the service standards of a top ranking hotel, so did the pool staff who remembered guests by name ( not all staff could do that ! ) as well as the some of frontline staff I met along the way. What I liked about the MO as compared to other hotels in Singapore is this - the huge buffet spread at MELT, the poolstaff who bend over backwards to provide excellent service and the awesome view of the harbour view rooms. Things to improve - service standards of front desk ,TV in rooms ( do consider changing to plasma or flat screen which the rest of the world is using ) and pl. treat all guests the same way, be it local or international. Although there was an unpleasant event I met during my stay, I still loved the MO Singapore, but do bear in mind that they should do better if they want to keep th top ranking on the tripadvisor website. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":636,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":632}]}