{"text":"Not worth the money My husband and booked the Outrigger because we wanted to stay at a hotel that was centrally located and right on the beach. We had also read many great reviews of the hotel on this website so we figured we couldn't go wrong. Upon arriving to the hotel we were greeted by a very friendly lady named Jan. Unfortunately, she ended up being the best part of the hotel. Jan informed us that we would be staying on the first floor in a room with a queen bed. Upon booking the hotel in May, we had requested a king bed on a higher floor. I do realize that requests are sometimes not possible, but I figured that they should at least be able to try and accomodate one of them. We said that the queen bed was no problem, but did they have something on a higher floor? She looked in the computer and eventually found us a room on the top floor with a queen bed. We headed up to the room and were extremely disappointed. The room was the most awkward shape. The bed was in a corner up against a wall and did not face the TV which was on the opposite side of the room. The bathroom was tiny and I could barely fit in it. The decor of the room seemed outdated and everything felt old. The balcony was very tiny and seemed somewhat unsafe. We went back down to the reception and asked Jan if there were any other rooms available. She then put us in another queen room on the 12th floor which she assured us we would be more happy with. This room was not much better. The bathroom was bigger, but the tub was half the size of a normal tub and the floor was dirty. I also lifted up the toilet lid to go to the bathroom and found urine all over the seat! We ended up staying just one night at this hotel and we checked out the very next day. They did not penalize us for leaving early and just charged us for one night. Before we left I checked out the pool. It was very small and not private at all. Anyone walking on the beach could have gained access to the pool as there were steps leading up to it from the beach. Don't waste your money on this hotel. There are far nicer hotels just minutes away from the beach that are still reasonably priced. We checked into the Hilton Prince Kuhio wihich was a hundred times better than the Outrigger. It is newly renovated and each room has a huge bathroom and a 42 inch plasma TV!! ","annotations":[]}