{"text":"Wonderful place to stay! I've stayed at the Argonaut twice, both times with my young daughter, and both visits have been wonderful.The rooms are quite large by San Francisco standards and very attractively furnished. You certainly won't mistake this place for some bland, cookie-cutter chain hotel. Even the honor bar is amusing. During our second stay we heard a little noise from the room next-door, but nothing too obnoxious. There's free wi-fi, and also a couple of computers in the lobby.The staff was great. During both visits they all made a huge fuss over my daughter, and really made her feel special. This certainly isn't one of those hotels where you are made to feel second class for bringing your children. The attached restaurant, The Blue Mermaid, is nice, and also child-friendly. It's pleasant to sit outside by the courtyard. But there are also plenty of other places to choose from within a block or two of the hotel, and the Oakville Grocery next door has a really nice selection of goodies for picnics or a meal in your room.When I travel to San Francisco kidless, I generally don't go near Fisherman's Wharf (and I prefer to stay at another Kimpton Hotel, the Triton, or at the Hotel Vitale). But with a kid, it's a perfect location. The Hyde Street Pier is across the street, the Maritime Museum is in the hotel lobby itself (and free), and Ghirardelli, Pier 39, the ferries, and so on are a quick walk away (don't miss the Musee Mechanique). If you really want to take the cable car, that's close by, too, but I'd recommend the Muni F Market line instead, and it stops right next to the hotel. It will take you right to the Ferry Building, which is another shouldn't-miss stop, then down Market, where you can walk to SFMOMA or Union Square, and on to the Castro, all in a really fun vintage streetcar, and without endless lines.On top of all this, the Argonaut has rates that make it a real bargain for a hotel in this class.The Argonaut is definitely one of my all-time favorite hotels, and I strongly recommend it. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":989,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":985}]}