{"text":"Lovely, quiet hotel in the middle of everything The Montecarlo was fabulous! This was our first trip to Barcelona and we wanted a location that was central to the touristic sites. When we first walked down La Rambla to the hotel, we were apprehensive because La Rambla was SO packed with people and full of activity - we were worried that it would go on all night and that our room would be noisy. We asked for a quiet room and got 206, which turned out to be in the new part of the hotel on a private courtyard (private to other buildings). Even though we kept the window the the courtyard open every night, we slept in complete silence and tranquility. That was the first thing we loved about the hotel: being in the middle of everything and having it be quiet at night.Besides that: the hotel is stunning. It is a beautiful old (Beaux Arts?) building that has been updated with modern design giving it the best of both worlds. We did not see rooms in the old part, but ours, in the new part was simple and lovely. It had a platform bed, a built-in desk with a free internet line, an ample closet, a chair and small table, and a spacious bathroom. In fact, the bathroom was really gorgeous, with chocolate brown slate tiles, a jacuzzi tub, and modern fixtures. The pictures on the website do not do this hotel justice. It is much prettier!On the mezzanine is a beautiful old sitting room with a magnificent fireplace and lots of sitting areas. It has chairs where you can sit and watch all of the activity on the street.The people working at the hotel were extremely helpful and courteous. The hotel is just two blocks from the Plaza Catalunya, which is where the fabulous touristic buses board and where the airport bus stops. Thus, you can get to the hotel from the airport for only 4 Euros (30 minute trip). Every day that we were at the Montecarlo, my husband said to me Thanks for finding such a great hotel! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1207,"mention":"chocolate","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":1198}]}