{"text":"Very nice, but watch out for the front desk sharks...... The vacation was great except for the front desk and their manners and customer service. Let me explain the good part first.All other staff is outstanding. Truely worked hard to ensure a pleasent experience and it worked. The entertainment team were fun and envolved all, and at times put me into a belly laughter. The wait staff and bar tenders were all attentive and made the experience enjoyable. The leader's name is Melkis and between him, 50cent and Usher among so many more it was a lot of fun. Food was good, champagne all day, and grounds nice.Now for the watchout:Booked our vacation through Apple, started with a basic room then contacted the Hotel and upgraded to a swim out room. Later was contacted by the Hotel reservations to upgrade further at a discounted rate for the honeymoon suite. We spoke to the hotel and they said we could wait until we arrived and see if there were rooms availible. After arriving at the hotel, the front desk would not honor the discount. We offered to provide the email of the rate offered. So we decided to stay in the swim out room. That evening the room upstairs had a major leak all over our things in our bath and everything got wet. When we complained to the front desk we recieved no sympathy. When asked about the upgraded room they still would not upgrade us at a discounted rate, my wife had to verbally complain to even get a few percent from them. Later that day the person we spoke to in reservations who sent us the upgrade at a lower percent asked us why we did not contact him, we said we tried but the front desk did not know him and would not honor the rate in any event, he said nothing. So nothing was done. In the future I would watch out for the oldest trick in the books - bait and switch. Please note that the grounds were immaculate, but there is garbage all over outside of the resort and throughout the island. It's a shame that $3 billion dollars are brought in by tourism, but they do not have in effective garbage system. Lots of children and excellent for families. Not for us...we prefer an all adult resort, but Apple advised us that it would be quiet. Apple owns 50% of the resort and really pushes selling it! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":609,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":605}]}