{"text":"The Perfect Retreat Staying at The Hotel Bel Air was a remarkable experience that I would highly recommend to any sybarite. From the moment you check in to the hotel and pass the swans in the pond, your senses are greeted with the beauty of the property and the smell of the colorful flowers that everywhere. Here are the specifics:The Service--This was the most outstanding feature of the hotel. Every employee was beyond generous and willing to extend themselves in every way possible. In fact, after we left my partner forgot a charger in the room. It was Fed-Exed to the next stop on our vacation, but did not arrive on time. The head of security at the Bel Air credited our account at the hotel to cover the Fed-Ex charge. He called promptly and did everything he could to resolve this slight mix-up.The Grounds--Terrific places for sitting and relaxing. Lots of little off-the-beaten path spots. I never felt crowded and I always felt secure in knowing that I could find a quiet location outside of my room.The Location--It is up Stone Canyon Road in Bel Air, so the hotel is not downtown and it does take a while to get places. However, to me, this was a plus. It allowed my partner and I to feel as though we were escaping into a hidden world tucked away from the vibe of the city.The Room--We had a standard room--room 105. While the room was not a suite, nor did it have its own patio or fireplace (many do), it felt spacious and it was very comfortable. Linens and towels are all top notch, as are the bath products. The rooms are also not overdone, which is always a pleasant surprise.The Pool--Very elegant and comfortable. Also, very quiet, which I adore.The Gym--It's small, remember the hotel only has about 90 rooms. Yet, it was never over-crowded and it had plenty of equipment.The Bar and Restaurant--Very tasty and the bar has a very old-world feeling. The service here was terrific.Concierge--I worked closely with a concierge named Mark who was a fund of information. Very helpful with directions and advice. Overall--I would not suggest this hotel for business travelers because it is away from the rest of the city and things like the Internet always seemed slow, but the setting and beauty of this place should be experienced by everyone at least once. The next time you are in LA, go and go quickly! ","annotations":[]}