{"text":"Will definitely come back here I had a little trouble looking for this hotel location but with the help from information counter in Takashimaya mall, I found it. It's very important that once you reach Shinjuku Station, use the right exit or you will end up going in circle. Use New Southern Terrace exit. Once out of the exit go to the left and walk straight, you'll see starbuck. Keep walking until you see crispy creme on the left and u will go to the right (you will go through some stairs). Keep going down the stairs and you will see the hotel right in front of you.The check in time is 2 pm, since I arrived early I left my luggage at the check in counter and went for a walk. You can always ask for information from the hotel staff, they do speak english, they will provide you with map if needed. Room:The room is small but very tidy. The only down side was we got a room facing man's toilet. Not a very pleasant view. The hotel provide basic amenities like kettle, tv (flat screen), toiletries, they even provide clean slippers and sleeping robe (I don't know what it's called) everyday. Internet is free but bring your own laptop.Staff:I have to give credit to the staff because when my sister got really sick, they tried looking for doctor to come to our room personally (they searched from at least 10 hospitals) but no doctors were available that night. The next day they got us a cab and sent us straight to international catholic hospital (because this hospital has people who speak english). There is a big hospital next to this hotel but it is not opened to public on weekend!Access:From Shinjuku station, you can go almost everywhere. My destinations was Disneyland, Ghibli Museum, Nikko, Mt Fuji, Harajuku, Shibuya, Ginza, Akihabara etc. The main key is to find the right line. You can also find a lot of restaurants, convenient stores, pharmacy and malls around the hotel. For Muslim, if you wanted to find halal restaurant, this is a bit tricky. There are halal restaurants nearby but you will have to do a lot of walking at the backstreet (because that is how I found them).Going to the airport, contact the hotel staff to buy limosine bus ticket and to check the bus schedule. The bus will pick you up at the very front of this hotel.I love the location of this hotel. You can never go wrong with this hotel. I recommend this for first timer in Tokyo (like me). I wish to come back here if I had the chance. ","annotations":[]}