{"text":"Great Place to stay!!! Me and my girlfriend stayed in the Europark Hotel from the 11th of July 2008 to the 13th of July 2008. It was a last minute booking that was made due to the terrible weather in Dublin.We arrived at 11:00 am on Friday morning and we were checked in and in our rooms within 5 mins. It will cost approx √à√\u2020√ü?0.00 by taxi from Barcelona airport (approx 10 mins) to the Europark hotel.. We stayed in a double room and it was perfect. Modern design, spotless and everything you would need from hairdryers etc to a well stocked mini bar. The room we stayed in had not got a scenic view. It basically looked onto the back of other buildings, but we weren't they to look out the window.The staff were excellent. The room was kept spotless.Unlike a lot of places when you travel abroad, the breakfast was excellent. The was so much to choose from. Everything you could have from back home and everything you would find in a Spanish breakfast. The Europark hotel is located approx 5-10 mins walk (depending on age etc) from the main designer shopping street and also from the top of Las Ramblas. It is only 5 mins walk from the Sagrila Familla (not sure of correct spelling) and all the restaurants, shops, bars in that area.You can walk to the beach (which is brilliant) but its much easier just to take a 5 min cab ride. The taxis are cheaper in Barcelona than Dublin. Actually, everything is cheaper in Barcelona than Dublin.We had to check out at 12:00 on our last day and even though out flight home wasn't until 10:30pm were were allowed to use any of the facilities within the hotel. We made the most of this by lounging by the roof top pool having ice cold beers delivered up to us!! The pool area is small but it is decked out well. We had the whole area to ourselves as the hotel didn't seem to be busy. The pool is only waist deep but it was ideal in my opinion. The roof top was a lovely place to relax and catch the last of the sun.We stayed in the Hotel Rialto before when in Barcelona and while it has a more central location (just off Las Ramblas) it didnt come near the Europark for quality.I would use the Europark Hotel and would recommend it for couples in the 20 - 40 age group. ","annotations":[]}