{"text":"Not a large commercial run hotel - set in Paradise Just returned frm Bali, staying at the Puri santrian. First impressions of Bali - I was expecting pure white sand and large luxury rooms. Not quite, but the fact that the beach gets a little messy with seaweed does not detract from its location. The rooms a little smaller than expected, but I think I was influenced on coming from a 5 star hoten in Bangkok. After one day we really liked our beach wing room. Clean, tidy, well serviced. Expect to get a small gecko\/lizard in the room - they are impossible to keep out, they dont bother with you and its hard to see them. If you get one they only make a small distinctiive noise during the night - but at least they dont scurry around the room. I'm a bit paranoid about insects etc. in foreign countries, but this didn't put me off at all.The gardens all around the complex make the place look like a paradise. The staff could not be friendlier and really go out of their way to provide good service. everyone smiles and greets you everytime to see them.Having not been in Bali before, I was surprized at how poor the locals are - so a few small tips mean alot to hotel staff such as the people who clean your room, at restaurants etc..The pools are just fantastic. I visited the Bali Hyatt, just up the beach a bit - you could not compare. Puri Santrian is far better, cleaner, prettier. As with everything Bali is cheap. I found it quite difficult to get a good restaurant, for us, we preferred to spend a bit more to get the better ones.Everyone seems to say Donalds is good. There are 2. One on the beach and 1 just outside the front enterance. In my opinion, dont waste your time going to the beach one - it takes on average 30mins to get a small breakfast to the table and we were the only ones in the place! The one at the front entrance - is very good good - the steaks I recommend. Again just outside the front entrance - is the Cat  Fiddle. The name put me off at first, so we disnt bother going to it. But we found out that it really has good food, good folk music in the evening and is good for breakfast. The owner has alot of experience in the catering industry ( also has an interesting background - read the back of the menu) - so this experience has been used in this little restaurant \/ pub. The Mezzanine - part of the Puri Santrian - is also good, although a bit more expensive and some parts of the menu can be dissapointing. You never seem to get good portions of meat or fresh veg. and the local indedonesian dishes can be just ok.The weather was dry all the time we were there. Quite bearable and with plently of shade you can suit most tastes. If you want any photos - let me know. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":159,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":154}]}