{"text":"Fabulous Vacation Spent a week at Paradisus Punta Cana end of Jan. beginning of Feb. and absolutely loved it and would highly recommend. A friend and I stayed in the new Reserve section and it was fabulous. Everyone was very friendly and helpful and the service was great. We never did see the rooms in the main section, so I cannot comment on those, but ours was very very nice, with lots of extras.Our concierge was fairly new, but very helpful and eager to assist us, although we did not really use his service often. When we did ask for something, we got it in a timely fashion. I worked in the airline industry for many years and have traveled extensively around the world, and found Punta Cana and the this hotel to be way above average.We had a separate pool at the Reserve which was a smaller version of the main pool. We went to both pools and the beach and there were always chairs available. (People did tend to hold unoccupied chairs for a long time and some times we had to look for a couple of minutes, but always found something in the sun.) The beach was very clean and beautiful sand, and we were not bothered by vendors. (There were a few on the beach, but if you just shook your head no, the moved on.)I did the water aerobics a couple of days, which was fun. We went horseback riding twice in the morning and it was great. The portion on the beach was at least half or more of the ride and you were allowed to walk or run your horses depending on your comfort zone. My friend went snorkeling and said it was really good. We both went on the afternoon boat excursion which was nice and gave us an opportunity to meet some different people. I went to the spa on the last evening and my masseuse was excellent and the facility was very nicely done. We also went to several of the shows which were entertaining. There were more included activities then anyone could take advantage of and we went mostly to beach and relax.We went to most of the restaurants and everywhere the food was above average and beyond. We returned our last night to Gabbi as it was our favorite. I would recommend the Brazilian restaurant to anyone who would like the flavor of a real churrascaria in Brazil. Plan to spend at least an hour or two because the way food is served is different than a traditional restaurant, but like it was when I was in Rio and went to churrascarias there.Overall, it was a wonderful, relaxing vacation and I would return and recommend to others. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1479,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":1472}]}