{"text":"OK But Not Great - Would not Stay Again stayed here on the 30th Nov and 1st Dec with my son. I have stayed in Barcelona before at the 1898 - La Ramblas and this hotel just didn't come upt o the 1898 standard. Like said previously the room sizes are superb and nicely furnished and spotlessly clean, BUT! don't expect a good nights sleep - the floors are all laminated and you hear every high healed step coming and going at all hours of the night from the floor above and also outside the room in the corridor, whenever your neighbour goes to the toilet you hear the toilet flush like it is in your room, the hotel is in a very busy square and as previoulsy mentioned getting a taxi isn't a problem they queue up outside the hotel which has it's benefits, but on the negative from about 6am in the morning the taxi drivers seem to play a game of beep the horn and they toot their horns like a chorus to each other - so if sleep is priority forget it, I got so little sleep that I felt jet lagged when I got home! The hotel is lovely inside the decor etc., but it does lack in any atmosphere, when we stayed it seemed full of business delegates. The staff are a little uninterested and although friendly enough they seem to lack any sparkle and certainly don't seem to want to go that extra mile to make you feel welcome. We ate in the hotel restaurant fairly priced, although not a great deal of choice, and as previously mentioned although I can get by in spanish usually they didn't seem to understand any basic requests and our meals were not correct and when they come the second time they weren't cooked! So we drank our drinks and left - hungry. Breakfast is superb - but not a good enough reason to make me want to go back though! The hotel pool is freezing and although I love to swim and will swim in the sea anywhere this was by far just tooooooo cold for me to want to get in. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":213,"mention":"Like","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Like_Cola"],"startOffset":209}]}