{"text":"Roaches, Roaches AND MORE ROACHES! NOT WORTH THE MONEY! I always read through all of these reviews when choosing spots for vacations but this is my first post. My wife and I chose the Palma Real for our honeymoon based on the services and amenities that this property had to offer. We are frequent travelers and we always stay at Luxury locations.  So here goes my opinion of this over rated resort. To start with, we booked our honeymoon well in advance and let the Palma Real know we were honeymooners and booked the highest level of room available. When we checked in we were told they only had rooms with 2 beds. After going through the usual You gotta be kidding me deal they came up with a room that had a king. While we sat and waited for our room(45 minutes) we heard the same thing over and over again with people checking in. This was all at The Royal Service lobby. When they finally gave us a room we were introduced to our Butler and braught to our room.  Being that we were hung up at check in for over an hour we asked for reservations for dinner that night and were told it was past 3PM so that would be impossible. After pulling teeth we finally got a dinner reservation. It's amazing how they make it seem like reservations are so dificult even though the restaurants are always empty. The food is mediocre at best. We got back to the room after a little while on the beach and the Cockroach parade began. At first we killed a couple and figured it was just part of being in a tropical location. After dinner we came back to the room and opened the mini bar for a drink and Roaches scattered everywhere. Needless to say, this freaked out the Mrs. We complained to the Royal Service Desk and were told they would send someone to take care of the problem. They sent a guy with an aerosol can. That was like trying to put out a fire with a shotglass. The next morning my wife went to change and there were several roaches in the closet. We complained again and got another guy with an aerosol can. There were roaches of all sizes, babies, biggies and all sizes in between. They said they would change our room, we agreed and then we heard nothing from them for another day. When we woke up the next morning there were 3 roaches in the bed. At this point we called to check out. We couldn't get out fast enough. When we got the Royal Service area they wanted us to stay for the remainder of our trip and offered to put us in a different room. Once again, a room with 2 beds. They gave us NO break at all after 3 nights of Cockroach problems and the best thing I saw all week was The Resort in the rear view mirror! We went to Tortuga Bay which was The Most Romantic and Beautiful Place we've ever been. We met another couple there that had the same experience at The Paradisus Palma Real and stayed for less than 12 hours. I guess we tried stick it out better than some. If you're gonna spend this kind of money do yourself a favor and go to Tortuga Bay. We ended up being overjoyed that the roaches got us to a much better place. We will never consider a Paradisus Resort again. ","annotations":[]}