{"text":"Great Location; Really Poor Value My wife and I are Hilton Diamond HHonors members; we will not stay at this Hilton property again.In its favor, the Sea-Tac Hilton is literally across the street from the airport; it's perhaps a three minute shuttle ride. The room was reasonably large, with clean and comfortable bedding. Check-in took less than one minute as we had checked in online and already had our room assigned.Now for the negatives. I have never, in more than 20 years traveling and staying at Hiltons around the world, experienced a bathroom as small as the one that was part of our room. The bathroom could not have measured more than 4 feet by 8 feet; it was for sure a one-person-occupancy setup. Only after checking in were we told that there would be no hot water from 11pm through 4am the next morning, which was interested since we had to make a 6am flight in the morning (we managed to squeeze in three minute showers and make it to our flight. Althougfh we didn't plan to use the pool, we were not advised until after we had checked in that the pool and hot tub had been closed since early September.But what really irked us was that this Hilton seems designed to squeeze as much revenue as possible out of guests. Keep in mind that we paid more than US$200 for our room. In addition, the Sea-Tac Hilton charges US$15 for overnight self-parking. The hotel charges US$10 for 24 hours of internet acess. This is the first time I have ever paid for internet acess at any Hilton property. And assuming you have any money left by the time breakfast rolls around the next morning, be prepared to pay almost US$20 for breakfast. Now, these charges may seem tame by New York or London standards, but we're talking Seattle, Washington here. Frankly, we should have (and could have) stayed at the nearby Doubletree, or the Hampton about a mile down the road, or even the Hilton Garden Inn over in Renton. While I will admit that those alternatives would have been less convenient (especially for making an early morning flight) any one of the other options would have cost much, much less in total and have delivered a total product comparable to what we got at the Hilton.Save your money. Shop around for better values before melting your VISA staying at this clip-joint. ","annotations":[]}