{"text":"Not what you think you are paying for. We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights arriving on the 17th November and departing Wed 21st November 2007.We telephoned ahead from Cabo as our flight was delayed for 3.5hrs and to let the hotel know that we would be late and to ensure that we still kept our reservation.On our arrival we were told by the female checking us in that they had no king size beds, this is despite the fact that I had telephoned approx 7hr prior from Mexico to advise of our late arrival. We were offered a double room as there were no king rooms left and when my husband explained he is too tall for a double bed we were moved into the disabled persons room (with a king bed) next to the elevator. At this time I asked that my husband and I have a room change the next day to a king size room. The next day we were moved to a room with a king size bed on the same floor. Housekeeping - the room was very clean, however for 2 out of four days we arrived back in our room in the late afternoon to find that housekeeping had not been. On each occasion we called housekeeping (or delighted to assist button on the phone) and were told they would send someone up straight away. We waited and waited and no one showed. Eventually on our third phone call over a 2 hr period, housekeeping eventually showed up. A message was left on our room phone message bank from the hotel advising they hoped our room had been cleaned and they wanted to ensure that our stay was special! The next day housekeeping knocked on our door and we said we will be 10 minutes and housekeeping said that would be fine and they would clean the room in 10 minutes. We left the room and arrived back 5 hours later and housekeeping had not touched the room. We called 'delighted to assist' and explained housekeeping had not been etc, the same thing had happened yesterday, they said sorry blah blah blah and someone would be up right away. 2 hours passed again before my husband called up twice more and housekeeping finally turned up at 4.10pm explaining to my husband they were not aware the room had to be cleaned earlier.Another downside, there is no laundry for clothes washing. The only alternative is dry cleaning through the hotel which is expensive.The reception\/check in staff were not friendly (perhaps a reflection on the management) however the hotel did provide us with two beverage vouchers to the value of $16 each on our last day, however the same cannot be said for the restaurant staff at The Twist Restaurant at the hotel. The Twist Restaurant staff were friendly, helpful and ensured that all guests had everything they needed. We ate in the restaurant in the morning (The chilled buffet $16 is healthy and nutritious and delicious, American Buffet is $20) and the dinner menu is superb and the food delicious and fresh. Their wine list is excellent. The staff will chat to you and show an interest in you. We really appreciated their friendliness and kindness. The bellhops were really friendly and always ready to answer any questions we had. The concierge on the day we asked the gentleman a question, Tuesday 20th November was disinterested and unfriendly.The location of the hotel is great for all the tourist attractions in the area. Shopping is limited at Hollywood and Highland although there is a great DWS shoe store nearby.At nightime the area is questionable and sleazy at night and we would not recommend hanging around the boulevard for too long. It would not be a particularly safe place. We recommend Mels Diner for dining for either Breakfast, lunch or dinner which is a 5 minute walk from the hotel. ","annotations":[]}