{"text":"Fantastic Hotel We have just come back from the Sofitel in New York and were expecting great things after reading the other reviews on here, we were not disappointed. On arrival we were greeted at the door and excorted to reception, whilst our bags were taken to our room. Check in only took about 5 minutes which was great after a 7 and a half hour flight. All the staff were very polite although I did find their accents quite hard to understand and I think they thought the same of me. We were escorted to the escalators and once we got to our room (which was on the 23rd floor) we found an amazing room with a bottle of champagne and a welcome card from all the staff. The bed was gorgeous, and just as comfortable as it looked. The bathroom was huge and it had a shower big enough for 2 (ooh errr!) and a separate bath, also loads of free goodies and fresh flowers.The bed is incredibly comfortable and is hard to get out of in the morning but the promise of the wonderful shower helps. The TV has 40 channels and their was always something on, its particularly good for weather and Times Square info as their seemed to be different celebrities their on a daily basis. There are also pay per view channels for the latest films if you have the time. The room was cleaned once a day immaculately, and a turndown service is offered between 6 and 9 which can be a little bit annoying as that was the time we usually were having a snooze before going out in the evening as all the walking does tire you out. However, this is when fresh water is given to you though and it is appreciated in the humid conditions of New York.We only visited the bar once, it was very pleasant but not very lively and the drinks were on the expensive side, 2 vodka and cokes were $24 dollars so make sure you have plenty of cash, they do have very tasty complimentary bar snacks.Overall our stay was wonderful, the view from our room was very good too and the hotel is in a brilliant location for shopping and sightseeing. All the staff went out of their way to help you especially the concierge who gave us free passes to two top nightclubs. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, you will not be disappointed. ","annotations":[]}