{"text":"The Aqua Palms  The wife and I stayed at the Aqua Palms  Spa in November 2007 on two different occasions...as we broke up our stay on Oahu with a few days on the Big Island. We weren't disappointed in our room or the hotel. It seemed centrally located, the beach right nearby and you can pretty much walk to everywhere you need to go with an abundance of restaurants and so forth all around. As others mentioned, the Hilton resort is right across the street. We're not ones for fancy or over-priced accomodations figuring we're on vacation to be outside and sight see and a room is basically there just to crash in. How others justify spending over $180\/nt on a room is beyond me. The Aqua Palms matched an offer I located on another site (cant recall which one off hand) but the price was under $100 and for this hotel, I agree that is suitable. Now some may see as under $100 being a cheap place to stay but I disagree. I especially believe that if you're staying at a hotel for more then 4 nights etc., they should definitely be giving you an amazing deal rather then their posted rated. The pool was fine and I dont see what the big deal is when others complain how small it is. You have the ocean just a short walk away. Need something bigger...there's more water there. :) I was never much into the free complimentary breakfast thing. Breakfast to me is a meal, not just fruit and bread. Its offered tho and for those who like that, its there for the picking. The free hi-speed net access in our room was much appreciated and definitely a selling point. The hotel was clean, the staff was super friendly. The hallways were definitely hot but get to your room and you're getting the a\/c so its all good. Never rented a car there as I heard bad things about the parking. But not much need anyhow as the bus is right outside the door and tons of taxis around. Its been awhile but a taxi to the airport I believe cost us around $30. Cheaper riding on the bus and all but I rather get there quicker and a straight trip rather then a bunch of stops along the way. I have plans to go back in July 2009 to Hawaii and if so, I definitely will be contacting the Aqua Palms about staying there once again. If their rates are decent and they're willing to give me a deal for an extended stay, I wouldnt hesitate to stay there once again. Hopefully they recognize and reward repeat guests especially ones who view their hotel favourably. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1392,"mention":"bread","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":1387}]}