{"text":"Very Relaxing Experience Just returned from my 40th birthday romantic getaway with my husband. This was our first time in the Dominican Republic, and we have literally been to every single island in the Caribbean. So I can assure you that my review will be short, sweet, and comprehensive. In general, we liked the DR, and the Excellence was very nice. The top reasons why we liked Excellence were: 1) NO KIDS (ie., if I want to get away from my own kids, I definitely don't want to vacation with other peoples' kids). It was so quiet!2) The staff and the people in the DR in general. So genuinely friendly, helpful, and wonderful. Great dispositions. Believe me, this is NOT true in most other areas of the Caribbean.3) The all-inclusive feature. Loved being served, served, served. I wanted to sit on my [--] all day and just be a gluttonous pig...and this is the perfect place to do it. 4) The best selection of beach and pool lounge chairs, beds, and hammocks I've ever seen. There were palapas everywhere, so there was no shortage of shade. There were so many beds, you didn't have to worry about not getting one. I'd never had the chance to sleep on a beach bed, because usually hotels have only a few, so you end up looking longingly at the lucky few who get them. Not here - almost everyone can have one if they wish.OK, so here's what I didn't love about Excellence:1) Beach is not swimmable. Way too rough most of the time. For this reason alone, I'd not return here. I'm a beach fan, and love to swim in the warm Caribbean sea. You just can't do it here.2) Food. I'm no food snob, but some of the food was downright bad. And you end up eating in the same spot for breakfast and lunch. Even though they have like 7 restaurants - the majority of them are only open for dinner. We only stayed 4 nights, and we were definitely getting very tired of the breakfast\/lunch selection by the 3rd day...Overall, if you just want to relax by the pool and you don't care about not going in the beach, this is a very beautiful resort. The staff is wonderful. If you are looking for a place to party and be loud and crazy, this isn't your place. ","annotations":[]}