{"text":"Fantastic location We stayed at the Raco del Pi for 4 wonderful nights and found it to be exactly as people had described - fantastic! The location can't be beaten, right in the heart of everything, with tapas bars, restaurants, sights and local transport links all within a stones throw. The Ramblas is about a 10 minute walk away, with loads of little squares and alfresco bars to quench your thirst along the way! Just as people have said, it is really quiet at night and the hotel's airconditioning is fab. Yes the rooms are small, but to be honest, the cleanliness, location and staff make up for it. We didn't have the breaksfast, as we weren't staying on a BB basis, and it was really expensive (about 15 euros) per person, but there were loads of little places just outside so there was no problem. It did look great though so if you get a deal including breakfast then go for it!The only negative that we found with the location, and it is really minor, is that when the shutters go down, it is quite tricky to navigate your way back through the little winding streets to find the hotel, as all the streets look the same. It took us a few days of trundling around late at night to get our bearings in the dark, which was fun, after a few sangrias, but a little scary if you're alone i would imagine! Also, although the cleanliness of the streets has been mentioned, their methods haven't! As a youngish girl (!) with a penchant for high heals, and a tendancy to get very sore feet late in the evening, I was quite surprised by the ritual spraying of the streets from about 1:30 in the morning onwards. I have normally kicked my heels off by this point, but I learnt my lesson pretty quickly after the 3rd night of slimy and rather yucky feet, to plan ahead and either not wear shoes that will need kicking off, or avoid the sprayers - tricky when they spray the whole of the Ramblas and gothic quarter! Not a complaint in the slightest, but something I wish I had been aware of before going out on the raz!! I would definitely go back to Raco del Pi, and would recommend it to anyone wishing to visit the grogeous Barcelona! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":209,"mention":"tapas","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tapas"],"startOffset":204}]}