{"text":"Absolutely Amazing!.............. Well, what can I say that hasn't already been said before about this beautifull little gem of a hotel. My husband and I stayed there for three nights 16 - 19th August 2008, having read all the reviews I was hoping they were all going to be right, they were, - I don't think there are words to describe how wonderfull this hotel and of course 'Matteo' is. He is so passionate about the hotel (No Wonder!) and the city of Venice it is unbelievable. He wants you to truly enjoy and get the most out of your stay, both he and Oliver guided us constantly on the little map they gave us, as to where to go, the best times of day to visit places, and places to eat, even booking us into a restaurant on our first night, which was lovely (San Marco).Our room was beautifull, overlooking the Grand Canal, and just a few steps from the wonderfull terrace, where we spent many hours enjoying our 'Spritz' (delicious) and enjoying the fabulous view, all the people going by on the water buses look up at you , looking like they wish they were sat up there with you! We ended all our evenings on the terrace, where candles are lit all around, making it so romantic and special, to be honest we used to get back there at night and wonder why we ever went out in the first place!! It has to be the best spot in Venice. Matteo's omlettes are delicious, again served out on the terrace in the morning, he is always there to greet you and get you whatever you want. We have never known hospitality like it. The hotel is also ideally located, right in the centre, only 5 mins to St Mark's Square but just nicely out of the main crowds, to be honest everywhere is walkable in Venice, it is a pleasure to just wander down little alleyways, which bring you out at another lovely square with bars\/restaurants etc, but the biggest pleasure was always having this wonderfull hotel to return to.No matter what people say on Trip Advisor, no words can do Matteo and his hotel justice - you will have to go and see for yourself and I envy you if you are going!! We certainly hope to return in the not to distant future. Thank you Matteo and staff for giving my husband and I the most memorable weekend ever. ","annotations":[]}