{"text":"great location, very comfortable I stayed at the Hotel Balestri with my parents for one night in May, 2007. Our room was #223, for 3 people, facing the Arno.The hotel is an excellent location, in small piazza along the Arno, easy to find and convenient to the Piazza della Signoria, Santa Croce, and the Oltrarno. Our room faced the Arno and had an excellent view. It was spacious, and the bathroom very nice, featuring both a shower and a tub. The room had two large windows, great for the view, but a bit noisy at night when we left them open for the breeze. The TV had channgels in Italian, English, French, and German-- great selection. Decor was minimal, but just looking out the window made up for it.The staff were helpful and friendly enough, if not especially outgoing. On our final day, we ordered a taxi at the front desk, then successfully hailed one in the street to get to the station faster. The woman working the front desk seemed very angry that we had hailed our own taxi, and she tried to have us unpack our bags from the trunk and wait for the one she had called, which was a turn-off, but at that point we were leaving, so it didn't matter. At another point, a woman tripped in the main lobby, and the man behind the desk made no action to help her or even inquire if she were alright.Breakfast was served in a very comfortable and elegant space, though the selection wasn't huge (pastries, fruit, cereal). The music selection (contemporary pop, disco, and rb) seemed a bit out of place. You can pay extra and order more food, like eggs.Nickel and diming continues with the internet terminal in the lobby, which is inviting but also costs extra. At these prices, free internet would not be hard to provide, since the computer is always there and always turned on. I laughed and walked away when the woman quoted prices-- 3 Euros for a half hour, I think. Cheaper at an internet cafe down the street.There was some minor remodeling going on in the stairwell and on the floor below us, which was a bit annoying, though the workmen were friendly and always eager to get out of the way when we needed to pass.Overall, we were very happy with this hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1410,"mention":"pastries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":1402}]}