{"text":"Love the DR I am a little late writing this review as we stayed in April 2007. It was our Honeymoon. We had a wonderful time. I had seen this resort back in 2000 and always wanted to come back, although if I were to ever go back to the DR I would opt for the Iberostar instead. Royal Service- We were a little lazy on this trip. We had Royal Service and I was a little disappointed with it. Maybe I wasn't assertive enough, but don't feel like I should have to be. They told us to call RS if we want room service or ANYTHING. We did and it took them forever to bring us stuff. They didn't get my pillow right that I ordered from the pillow menu. It took them 3 hours to bring us 4 beers. We started ordering from Room Service and never waited more then 20 minutes for them. I almost feel as if they had too many Royal Service rooms and not enough Butlers. But the Royal service lounge was great and Miguela helped us with booking an excursion. She was great.I was also expecting flowers in the room with little towel animals as I have seen in other resorts and never got that. But glad to not have the bugs. We loved the beach bar and Francisco was fantastic, but the bar always closed too early. Also we were under the impression that the Royal Service bar and pool was adults only, which is why we booked RS. We didn't want the kids splashing around us on our honeymoon. Every day and night we were there both loctations were overrun by Teenagers. Which was very disappointing.Food- The food was OK. I had a better experience at the Iberostar with the food. We enjoyed the Seafood restaurant and the Steakhouse the most. I was disappointed in the buffet selections. But it was no big deal, we never went hungry. I love the fact there there is alot of European type foods, as I love getting away from American food on vacation. Restaurant service was always wonderful. Beach- The beach is fantastic! The whole reason why we selected this place. My husband in I spent everyday playing in the waves and body surfing. We even stayed in during the rain. Fantastic! The softest sand, I love it.I don't want to say this is a bad place cuz it is beautiful and we had a great time. The Royal Service was very nice to have, but please, be more assertive with them unlike me. ","annotations":[]}