{"text":"Perfectly adequate, but not very special - but has free parking If you're driving it's easy to find and has free secure underground parking. The location is great, very central and convenient but not a in particularly picturesque part of the city.When we checked in we confirmed that we had booked two non smoking rooms but one of them absolutely stank of tobacco. I went to reception to ask for a room change and the previously quite friendly receptionist bluntly told me but it is a no smoking room! I explained that it was irrelevant because someone had definately been smoking in there and I had to stand my ground to get it changed. I was told that all they could give me was another room in separate part of the hotel away from my children's room (I got the impression that she was hoping that would put me off!) but my kids are 18 and 13 so they don't mind being away from our room and I took the option offered but it was done with a bit of huffing and puffing.On the whole the rooms seemed clean, reasonably spacious but were rather bland - you could been staying anywhere in the world in a mid range chain hotel. One room had noisy air con the other was OK.I booked it because it had a pool, but be warned the picture flatters to decieve, it is tiny and it feels very hemmed in by the surrounding buildings, some which were not vey attractive - I can't imagine it gets much sunlight down there. It is also gated off quite early in the evening because the restaurant uses the surrounding area for diners. In the end we didn't get a chance to use it.I was quite surprised to see a security guard by the front door most of the time, I wasn't sure if it made me feel safer regarding the hotel or that I should be more worried when out and about in the City.To sum up: There was nothing fundamentally wrong with the hotel but it felt a little bit tired when you looked closely. It just lacked a certain something in a city as vibrant as Barcelona. I think with hindsight I would rather pay more and stay somewhere a bit more unique. ","annotations":[]}