{"text":"Overpriced with Sub-Par Service My husband and I booked the Caribe Hilton for our destination wedding and while the catering department and our wedding planner did an excellent job with the actual wedding ceremony and reception, our stay and the stay of our guests at the hotel was not as pleasant. Indeed, many of us were surprisingly disappointed that a hotel bearing the Hilton name was such a let down. It was only after our stay did we learn that Hilton does not operate all of its hotels and some, including the Caribe Hilton, are run by other entities who are permitted to use the Hilton name. First, with respect to the quality of the rooms, you would expect more for what you are paying to stay here. A lot of the rooms were damp, with the sheets and walls feeling wet. There was also an odor- probably related to the dampness. Another issue was with the indifferent hotel staff, from the front desk to management. We had an incident with one of our guests' ring being stolen from their room, and after getting the runaraound, we were left with an uncooperative security personnel whose attitude was pretty much oh well- too bad. One of the biggest peeves was at check out. If you choose to stay here, be sure to get in writing what you will be charged up front. We never had the situation before our stay here where, on top of our regular room rate, there was such a siginifcant amount of additional daily fees tacked on on top of the regular taxes and fees you would normally expect. for example, the Caribe Hilton tacks on a hefty fee for transporting luggage to your room, EVEN IF YOU CARRIED YOUR OWN BAGS TO YOUR ROOM. They also charge a daily cleaning fee, a daily resort fee, and automatically add a donation to a charity you never heard of. Going over the final bill was quite a frustrating experience realizing that after having tipped all the hotel staff for their various services throughout the stay, we were being charged on top of that for their services which any normal person would assume is included in the rate (i.e. maid service, a resort fee for hanging out at the pool, having your bags brought up). We will never stay here again, and would NEVER recommend this place to anybody. We have stayed at luxury resorts and budget inns, and the Caribe Hilton is by far the worst experience we have ever had out of all the places we have stayed at. Never again. ","annotations":[]}