{"text":"Stay away! One of the most OVER RATED resorts in the world I travel a lot (have been to over 40 countries), and have stayed in many resorts, from 1 star to 5 star.I am baffled at some of the comments about the Ritz Bali on Trip advisor. Maybe the other people writing reviews have not traveled much, only going to fancy resorts for a honeymoon or anniversary.I must say the Ritz Carlton in Bali is the most over rated hotel\/resort I have ever stayed in.I stayed in an Ocean front Villa for three days in January 2008. The Villa was nice, but at around $700 per night, it had better be.However, the service and attention to detail at this resort is horrendous. The staff seems fake, almost to the point you get the feeling they resent you (the average wage for a worker in Bali is $100 per MONTH).Service at the restaurants is poor. After being seated, you often wait more than 10 minutes just to asked if you want something to drink. The Spa claims to be one of the best in the world. I find that to be flat out lie. Much better spas exist outside the hotel. The grounds are big and spacious, but nothing special. In fact, there are often bags of trash left around the resort along the walkways, something that should NEVER happen at a 5-star resort. Construction workers often walk through the resort in raggy attire, making you wonder about security.Many of the staff do not speak good English. Ask them something outside of the key phrases they have been trained to know and respond to, and you will often stump them.This resort could be anywhere in the world. There is nothing special about it. It is NOT A BALI experience. There is no culture here. If you want to go swimming in a big pool, eat in expensive but not so good restaurants, and stay in a decent room, then I guess the Ritz is for you. You could do that other places at a fraction of the price with better service and better ocean views\/access.If you want to see the real Bali and have an experience you'll positively remember, then save your money and don't stay here.The Ritz Carlton Bali is one of the most over rated resorts in the world. ","annotations":[]}