{"text":"4 Star Grounds, 1-3 Star Service Arriving at the Arizona Biltmore gives you a sense of what a 5-star resort must have been like for movie stars and millionaires during the early part of the last century.You can tell that the place definitely had its moments of elite history, and while it may have truly been one of the most glamourous hotels back then, it shows its age in both good and bad ways.It's as if, as another reviewer noted, that management can't decide if it wants to embrace its past or evolve into some vision of a Las Vegas resort future. The lobby area is truly lovely, cozy and inviting, if a little schizo. There's clearly Asian influences, southwestern influences and, oddly enough, a sense of pacific northwest lodges here. That's the interior... the outside is a different story. The iconic element of this resort are the building tiles that cover everything (and I mean everything) all rendered in glorious greenish concrete. The property loves to drop Frank Lloyd Wright's name, and I can see the influence. That is, if FLW designed a hospital. It's very institutional and the buildings just look a bit like a very well maintained sanitarium from the 1920's.Luckily, the interior of my room was a different story. Very, very spacious and well-appointed. A few small gripes:- The desk chairs are not well padded. Sitting on them for more than 10 minutes will cause you some pain.- Their attempt at copying the dream beds of other hotels is merely a very large mattress topper placed on a cheap mattress and covered with very nice linens, which another reviewer noticed as well- The in-room safe uses a key. Get with it... time for an update.As for the grounds, if you can get past the concrete you'll notice how well maintained they are. Truly beautiful. I saw no notice of the mosquitos, cloudy pools and trash that other reviews make notice of. Simply put, they were immaculate.The service varied widely. Check-in and check out were efficient and everything they should be. However, once I got to my room a staff member was in the room making what appeared to be personal phone calls. She politely excused herself when I seemed to startle her upon pushing open the door.The bakery\/cafe staff was indifferent and seemed bothered by having to serve patrons. The laundry service caused me some grief. I called very early and informed them I had some laundry to send out for same day return (promised back by 6pm). Come 6pm, no laundry. At 6:30, a call to housekeeping\/laundry was met with a typical we'll check on it response. At 7:15 still no laundry, and a 2nd call got the the same we'll check on it and call you back response. At 8pm, a call to the manager on duty had my laundry to me within 10 minutes, delivered by a staff member who was clearly annoyed that I wasn't about to offer up a tip after waiting 2 hours for overdue laundry.Housekeeping also came very late-- in my case after 4pm.Dinner at Wright's was amazing. Our server, Wesley, gave nothing short of perfect service and made sure we had everything we needed without asking for it. His, and the somalier's, recommendations made for a truly esquisite experience. Highly recommended.One more note for the staff in charge of assigning meeting space: you really should have better sense than to book a rousing political rally next to a roomful of folks trying to concentrate on research presentations. Oil and water. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":65,"mention":"Biltmore","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Arizona_Biltmore_Hotel"],"startOffset":57},{"endOffset":1551,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1547}]}