{"text":"Underwhelmed I just got back from a two night stay at the Biltmore where we stayed because of a business conference. It was OK but frankly, I am not a fan of the Frank Lloyd Wright look and feel. The outside of the hotel looked like a Junior College and the inside reminded me of the Luxor in Vegas. I arrived late in the evening and had a heck of a time just finding the elevators which were in a corner of the lobby and blended in with the rest of the concrete. Our room was on the second floor directly over the lobby where at all times of the day, people congregate on the couches and chairs, both inside and outside. From my room, I could hear people loudly talking and laughing from both sides of my room (with our door over the indoor lobby and our windows over the outdoor patio). Since I had to be up early the next morning, I called the front desk around midnight to have the people on the outside patio moved or perhaps quieted down since they were quite loud. Unfortunately, no one at the front desk bothered to answer the phone. The room itself was nice, although very small. It barely had enough room to fit the full size bed, which was very comfortable. Out of our window was a spectacular view of the parking lot. The bathroom was nothing to write home about, however, I did love the shampoo and lotion which smelled really good! Our door looked like it had been kicked open before, as the paint around the door was peeling badly and the frame was barely hanging on for dear life. One of my business colleagues was unable to get into her room one night, as the lock ceased to work and no one in the hotel could figure out how to get it open for several hours. The food was quite good (catered dinner one night) and both times the room service order came fast and was 100% accurate. Beware of hidden charges on your bill as we were charged for a bellman gratuity (we didn't use one) and also a housekeeping gratuity (we would have left one ourselves anyway, but I have never had it added to my bill before??) Overall, I didn't appreciate the theme and decor, however my husband thought it was very cool, so it's definitely a matter of different strokes for different folks. Certainly not the kind of place or service I would expect from a so-called 5 star hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":66,"mention":"Biltmore","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Arizona_Biltmore_Hotel"],"startOffset":58}]}