{"text":"Facilities need work!!! We visited Excellence for 5 nights in December. Our first room, #1112, had a safe that didn't work and so-so air conditioning. When we went to the front desk to complain, we were told to go to the room and someone would be there within 15 minutes. 45 minutes later, the safe guy showed up, but nobody for the A\/C. The safe guy couldn't fix it. When he left, the electricity went out! It went out a second time before we finally went to the front desk to change rooms. We had dinner that night in the Lobster House. Don't waste your time on this one...the lobster tails had about 2 bites of food included. While we were in there, the electricity went out again!Room 3002 served us pretty well, until night #3 when my partner got up to go to the bathroom and stepped into an inch of water. A hose had broken on the back of the toilet and flooded our room. It would've been ok, but when we went to the front desk we were told that we needed to wait until noon to see if perhaps they could move us to another room. The front desk clerks weren't empowered to just move us. My partner was infuriated that they wanted us to wait 4 hours for a new room . Finally, Matias at the front desk finally arranged to have us moved to another upgraded room - 3109. We walked in and saw the leak coming from the ceiling and nearly flipped. We finally got into #3110, which was a gorgeous suite with a beautiful view. On the positive side, the food at the other restaurants was very good. I particularly liked the French restaurant, while my partner liked the Asian restaurant. The breakfast buffet was like nothing I'd ever seen before - LOTS of choices. The ocean was WAY too rough to enjoy, particularly if you're not a strong swimmer. Much of the beach was black flagged the entire time we were there, so if you're a big ocean fan, I don't recommend this resort. My favorite part, by far, though, were the beds next to the pools and ocean. They were AMAZING!!!! I guess you could particularly say so since the beds in the rooms were hard as rocks. All in all, a good trip - highly recommend the zip line tour. It was worth every penny! ","annotations":[]}