{"text":"Won't Be Going There Again I am by no means a 5 star traveller so this review is going to sound like I am hoity toity but thats not the case at all.We have been to the Dominican 3 times and have not encountered a hotel like this. Most of our trips have been very last minute so we are usually in a 3 maybe 3.5 star so we felt very fortunate to be going to whats rated a 4 star hotel.Well if this hotel is a 4 star then the 3 stars that we previously stayed at must have been a 6 star.First impression was the rude front desk staff. They spoke not a word of English so was very difficult to try and explain that we requested our 3 rooms on the same floor. After trying to communicate this we ended up on different floors and Thank God we were on the main because the elevators don't work and I requested a building with an elevator due to having very bad knees.Our rooms were very average and there were no matteress pads on the beds. Just a very thin sheet over the matteress which was really gross. Our tv was a very old 12 inch where the room next to us had a big 27 inch. Not that we are there to watch tv but I like to put my camera in the jacks to review the pictures that were taken. The washroom had ants on the counter and no matter how hard you tried to kill them there were always more.We tipped our maid with gifts and dollars and they took them without a problem but nothing was done in the room that would show apperication,the basic clean up and she was out of there. I had seen her in the hall way as she cleaned the room across the hall and I tried to explain that I wanted a clean glass she spoke no english either, So when I finally got through to her what I wanted she went to the room she was cleaning and took a glass off the dresser went to the washroom and rinsed it then brought it out to her cart and dried it with a dirty towel then handed it to me. Talk about grossed out.The food in the buffet was always pretty much the same not alot of variety. They would change it daily but then make supper with what was left over from lunch. 5 out of the 6 of us got ill and that sure put a damper on the trip.The beach itself well thats another story. It was very shaded with natural palm trees which were nice if you were there for shade.TO get sun you had to go to the lower part of the beach that was not very wide you you ended up getting wet cause the waves usually made it to the top of the lower beach. For the shaded area of the beach there were tree needles from a certain tree that was there and it had little pine cone things that were very sharp they were everywhere which made walking the shaded areas hard on the feet if you were barefoot. Also the smokers of the resort thought they had their own personal ashtray cause the beach was littered in butts. Nasty... Really Nasty,I spoke to our rep about upgrading to another hotel which was a total waste of time. He looked at me like I had 3 heads and asked why I would want to leave. I gave him all the reasons and he said there was nothing he could do. That every hotel was booked solid. I didn;t believe him and I questioned him on it and he got quite snotty with me. As it turned out we ended up staying at the hotel, He said it was a 4 star but we just happened not to pay the preimum price, and had we then we would be in a much nicer room. Well its funny that the hotel is a 4 star shouldn't it be a 4 star all the way through??.The language barrier was the hardest to deal with the hotel really catered to the Europeans and left the English people to fend for themselves.So thats my take on the hotel if you have any questions please feel free to email me and I will be more then happy to give you an honest opinion.Thanks Linda majestic_4u@yahoo.com ","annotations":[]}