{"text":"Experienced Traveler Review When reading the reviews for the El Con, it can be kind of scary, even taking into account the knowledge that most people writing reviews are doing it because they had a bad experience.As someone who travels quite a bit for business and pleasure, I was leary of the El Con because of some of the bad reviews, yet the dramatic 'loved it' or 'hated it' was confusing. I needed a quick trip without a passport, so I gave it a shot.The resort itself is beautiful and kept immaculate. Everything I saw there was very well maintained. It was a busy weekend and the main hotel was booked so we were moved to Las Casitas. If you have kids, stay at the main hotel, more activities for kids. If you want peace and quite and can spend a few extra bucks, I highly recommend staying at Las Casitas. It is only a minute or two walk between the main hotel and Las Casitas.The staff was exceptionally friendly and very eager to please. Palamino island is incredible. Rent some snorkelling gear and swim to the little island, quite impressive fish and sea life.The hotel casino is very small, if you are a gambler, you are a long way from Vegas. Two blackjack tables, 1 poker table, 1 roulette wheel, 1 craps table, 1 Carribean Stud table, that's it for table games. Only 4 video poker machines. Save your gambling $$ for Vegas, rent a snorkel and enjoy the beautiful fish on Palamino.The things I would agree with most reviews on is the prices on food and billing issues. The resort is in an area where you probably won't want to leave the resort, so you are left only with the resort restaraunts. I went expecting resort prices, maybe 20% over NYC or Vegas, but it was considerably higher. Dinner for 2 in the Italian restaraunt was over $100, with simply one app and 2 entrees (add the $65 bottle of wine that would go for maybe $30 in an NYC restaraunt, grand total of over $185). Breakfast at Las Casitas cafe was usually around $50. (French Toast - 17, omlette 19, plus drinks). Breakfast buffet at Las Brisas rest is good, but at $25 per person, can be pricey for just breakfast. The food and service were exceptional in every restaraunt, but if you are staying for more than a day or two it can start to get expensive.Several reviews complianed about the El Con billing. I am dealing with this right now. Be sure to check your bill carefully and make sure everything is correct and you are paying for the correct account. It wasn't the fault of the desk person, it seems they have a lousy system. Thus far they have been very helpful in resolving the issue.I would definitely stay at the El Con again and recommend it. I would suggest staying at Las Casitas, and if you can, get a casita with a kitchen and hit at one of the grocery stores close by. If you can have a couple of meals in your casita, you'll be able to make up the difference in price on the room vs eating every meal in the restaraunts. If you stay at Las Casitas, rent a car at the airport, it's cheaper than the El Con shuttle, parking at Las Casitas is free, and you can run out to the store to save a few bucks. Parking at the El Con is 15-20 a day.Go for the beautiful beach and sea life on Palamino, super friendly people, and well kept resort. Plan ahead for extra food budget and make sure you check your bill when before you pay when checking out. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1963,"mention":"French Toast","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/French_toast"],"startOffset":1951}]}