{"text":"Awful I was traveling with my boyfriend and thought that we can dorm it in Amsterdam given the higher prices. St. Christophers nearly ruined our experience in this wonderful city.Pros:a very nice\/posh bar\/lounge area at the frontgreat breakfastextremely easy access from the train stationtolerance for stoners (and maybe thiefs)Cons:Poor security: although each and every one of us had a swipe card which needed to be shown to a staff for entry, main entry this method does not work 100% of the time. Not to mention, the swipe door to the hostel doesn't even lock properly, so anyone who sneaks by the front door would have direct access to the hostel section. Each hostel bed has a locker associated with it. PLEASE USE IT! Our camera was stolen right from our hostel room and the staff didn't even bat an eyelash when we reported to them. Ironically, the other guests had their cellphone out and wine and such and those did not get stolen. So I do admit perhaps luck has to do with it?Stuffy, hot room: We had a small 8 bed dorm with ensuite bathroom. The air was absolutely foul as there is only a 2 inch window opening onto the street. Forget about air conditioning, there is not even a fan!! Everyone radiating body heat and no air circulation = terrible night of sleep. In fact, the air was so bad that both of us caught the same cold virus and remained sick for days after. Noise: Reminder that this is the red light district. Our small window opens right into a noisy ally. Conversations, swearing, people walking by and related street noises rang in our ears all night long.Overall, we had a terrible experience at the Winston. In fact, we were out in the city for as long as possibl just to avoid going back to the stuffy hostel room or sitting with stoners in the bar. If you must cheap it and stay at the hostel section, don't stay there for more than two nights to keep your sanity, health and brain cells. If you don't need to breathe or sleep, I'd say this place is perfect. I can't comment on the hotel section but I can imagine people having better experiences. ","annotations":[]}