{"text":"Catedral: A Great Vacation! My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Catedral for ten nights. The property is extremely convenient to ALL attractions in the Centro Historico of Mexico City and sits directly behind the main cathedral. Access to the Metro (subway) is a two block walk and opens the rest of the city up for easy exploration. But for the roughly one square mile of museums and cultural institutions within the Centro you are likely to visit, walking the city is easy and much more interesting than taking the Metro.The front desk staff speaks English well, the housekeeping staff is very thorough, the restaurant food is tasty and convenient, the room (a matrimonio or king size bed) was plenty large for two people and well appointed, and everyone was very friendly and courteous and helpful. Deluxe or luxury style? No. But absolutely clean, safe, and convenient... especially for the touristic traveller who plans on staying in the room mostly to sleep. Inexpensive as well, and with a 10% discount for cash payments (though if you stay longer than a week you will have to pay for the first seven days on the eighth day... a strange but harmless issue).Friday and Saturday nights there are rock concerts and Aztec dancers and other such LOUD activities on the zocalo-- central square-- which is where the cathedral is located. But with a closed window (decent insulation) and some foam earplugs this was a very minor inconvenience.A note on safety: Some have mentioned that the block the Hotel Catedral is on becomes desolate at night. This is somewhat true of this block, as it is of MANY blocks within the Centro once most shops, restaurants, cafes, etc. close. That said, other than the rare drunk or beggar there was no real concern. Travellers should simply keep their eyes open and their senses aware; travellers from major urban centers will find this no problem and a matter of routine (we are from NYC) but those from suburban and rural areas will likely be as nervous here as you would in ANY city, so don't let that deter you from taking advantage of the Hotel Catedral or of staying in the Centro Historico.Sightseeing Notes:1) Make the effort to go to XOCHIMILCO-- an extensive series of ancient canals and waterways in Southern Mexico City you can tour on a private, covered, man-powered boat. During your peaceful afternoon, you will be serenaded by mariachi and ranchero bands as you sail along (all in their own boats coming alongside yours), will enjoy the beautiful non-urban scenery and wildlife of Mexico City, will be able to purchase food from boats along the way, and-- if you have the time for the four+ hour round trip-- will be able to visit the Isla de Munecas (Island of Dolls) which is an eerie and fascinating example of one man's obsession with fishing lost dolls out of the canals and displaying them in trees and in huts. Spend a day on the water after days of running around, you will not regret this.2) Lucha Libre (wrestling) in Mexico is a theatrical spectacle unlike that of America's. The Arena Coliseo is within eight blocks of the Hotel Catedral and has matches two days a week. Be different, check it out.3) The Museum of Popular Arts (Museo de Arte Popular) has examples of handicrafts from throughout Mexico that you can marvel at. The giftshop is expensive, but has great stuff. Go to the Centro Artesanal La Ciudadela for most of your artistic and handicraft needs but negotiate with the shopkeepers on the price.4) A day trip to Teotihuacan-- home of the third largest pyramid in the world and the ONLY one you can actually climb to the summit-- is a must. This extensive site is only about 75 minutes away and can be easily and safely done for about fifteen dollars round-trip (for TWO people) via a bus at the Terminal Norte bus terminal (rather than the Turibus which is much more expensive and limits your time at the site). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1203,"mention":"rock","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Rock_candy"],"startOffset":1199}]}