{"text":"Awesome Resort Adult Only What A Gem Montreal, Canada, Punta Cana Princess ,Awesome ResortJuly, 2007JOHNNYVacationed at the Punta Cana Resort on two occasions in 2007 10 June, 2007 to 17June, 2007 LOVED THIS PLACE SO MUCH RETURNED ON THE 06 July, 2007 to 13 July, 2007Travelled with Air Transat Both occasions excellent flights and transfers.On both occasions arrived at the hotel at approx 1800 hrs check in smooth welcome drinks served, second occasion requested same room as first trip in building 4000 with ocean and pool view. Upon arrival booked all al la carte restaurents no problems.Baggages brought to room within 10 minutes bell services, excellent Room: spacious and large, cleanResort :clean clean cleanBeach: AwesomePool: Nice size great pool barRestaurants. On this resort the are all good. If they have the ingredients they will make it for you Our favorite was the italian and seafood with a spl mention for the tex mex. Breakfast buffet awesome. Anamacion Team: They were nice they tried very hard. This is an all adult resort its hard to get vacationers off of there asses such as me for different activities. Thanks to Carlos and Danny and all of the team for there smiles and good humours. I did play water polo and participated in the ping pong tournament. was greatOver all this is a beautiful resort with great employees who work very hard to please everyone. From the gardeners to the service staff . Thanks to all of you who made my sejour so great.Felix a grounds keeper who cleaned the beach bed area every morning. Alejandro from the morning buffet ,Poo Poo Inside jokeSerapio from the beach grill at lunch time thanks for the sprites and sevices Fast worker he had the sprites and cokes and beers on the table before you were sitting down. Thanks Sammmy Sosa.Pedro and Jose Captains of the sea food and italian rest you are both great.Jose May the lord bless you for your kindness towards us. and last but not least the Managers of this Resort Jesus, his assistant Raoul, and Customer service person Diana, Thanks for your hospitality I will recommend this resort to everyone and I will return.These managers are hands on people they are on the streets as they say they do not stay locked in the offices. They will assist you in any way they can. they care about this resort and they are looking to improve the resort every day. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":740,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":736}]}