{"text":"Ultra stylish, and with substance... First time in Barcelona and I had high expectations - people had told me how much there was to do and how cool a city it was. I'd found a good looking hotel through my usual sources but the Casa Camper had been mentioned. From a peak around the hotel website it looked very funky and was only a bit more expensive than my other boutique-y option so I decided to go for it. And.......? I'm glad I did.First up, location.Casa Camper is on a tiny backstreet just off Las Ramblas - tourist centre of Barcelona - in an area called El Raval. Lots of guide books will tell you about how El Raval was the seedy hangout of Barcelona for years and, to be honest, I can believe it, but it now has the vibe of the place to be in Barcelona - lots going on, lots of shops, bars and people and right in the middle of it all. Location then, very good.Next up, the hotel itself.Very, very cool. The design, and maybe more to the point, the extent to which they've followed through the design is stunning - everything matches, everything looks bespoke and everything is very stylish, very modern and very, very cool. The lobby area has a fridge with cool design books and Camper shoes for sale, a massive map of Barcelona on the wall stylised to fit in with the rest of the hotel design and an iMac for you to check your email (oh, wifi is free too). The bedrooms have a 2-room setup (a big bedroom and bathroom - fabulous shower for sharing - and separate lounge across the corridor with hammock, TV and sofa) something which works very well. There are no mini-bars but there are 24 hour snacks and drinks (amazing selection!) available free in reception (alcohol is available, but not free) - all very welcome for a late afternoon topup - especially when Barcelona doesn't eat before 9:30pm! Breakfast is served in the same place and is a good continental spread.The bed was huge and comfy, the shower was massive and powerful (fab deluge head) and the Tivoli radio was excellent - although don't forget your iPod audio cable!Third, the service.Truly excellent. A thorough guide around the hotel and rooms on arrival and friendly, pleasant, cheerful staff ready to help at any point. Don't expect bell boys in morning suits and top hats, but do expect great service and a friendly attitude. Oh and they'll lend you the hotel bikes too...So then, the verdict....Casa Camper is a great boutique hotel - cool location, great design and excellent service. Not for anyone who likes The Ritz or the ultra-traditional 5* ideal, but if you want something that's stylish, funky, comfortable and well equipped, stay here. Not cheap, but highly recommended. ","annotations":[]}