{"text":"Be Careful Everything about the hotel was wonderful except the fact that I was robbed, while I took a shower, by one of the maids. The service, spa facilities, room, food and of course the view where all excellent. I had nothing but glowing things to say about the hotel until the next to last night of my stay when I hopped in the shower and closed the door to the bathroom so that the maid could enter and fold down the covers of the bed and leave chocolates and water as they do each night. My husband went down to the business center to check his email and such. I left my backpack, with the wallet inside, by the bed. I heard the maid come in, then go out after a minute or so. I thought nothing of it, but when I got out the bed wasn't done nor were the refreshments left. I thought that it was really strange, but still wasn't completly alarmed until I noticed my backpack looked misplaced and things from my wallet scattered. I opened it and to my panick all of my cash($200) was taken!!! She didn't take my credit cards though but arranged them in a stack in one of the pockets. I know that my wallet was looted during my shower because just before that, I took my debit card and lisence out to give to my husband to put in his wallet for the night out and my wallet was in it's normal state. I had no hard proof other than my honest word and of course she denied it. I had to try and forget about it, but it will have forever tarnished the memory of my trip. I was traumatized that it happened in a five star hotel while I was in my room. The manager said that the maids are used to people leaving valuable things out and never steal, well she picked something that she could get away with that he himself said the cops probably wouldn't come up there for just $200. The amount wasn't the issue it could have been $2. It's the fact that it happened as it did. It's a great hotel but be very careful!!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":460,"mention":"chocolates","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chocolate"],"startOffset":450}]}