{"text":"Great until the last day My son and I stayed at this resort from July 22 to July 29. Everything was great until the last day. The hotel, service, rooms, pools and ocean were all great. The food was o.k.As far as excursions go; the Jurassic Buggys was fantastic, but the Bucaneros speed boats was not so great and most of the boats were really unsafe to use.My son became very ill on the Friday evening with a high fever. I took him to the hotel physician who was not much of a help and was told that my travel insurance through my employees benefits plan would not be accepted, and that I would be charged and would have to request reimbursement through my benefits when I returned home. Fortunately, he did not charge me as nothing was really done for my son. The same evening, it had taken 4 calls to housekeeping to request a warm blanket for my son as he had the chills. After over an hour, houskeeping came with two bedsheets and said that a warm blanket was not available at that time of night (9:00 p.m.) I also notice that some of my son's belongings that were kept in a drawer were missing. I contacted customer service in the hotel and was told that security would come by to determine who had been in the room as they could access the card reader. Of course security did not show up and I was not reimbursed. My son ended up contracting pneumonia at the hotel and was taken to hospital upon our immediate return to Canada. I called the resort to advise them of my son's illness so that they could possibly look into whether more guests had contracted pneumonia there and take effective action. Customer service at the hotel said I needed to make a formal complaint via email for this to be actioned upon, no matter how much I stressed the possibility that this illness could be travelling throughout there resort. I had advised them that I did not have immediate access to email and I was concerned for new guests that were at the resort.....again I was told to put it in writing to them. For any travellers going to this resort, you may want to call ahead to ensure that there are no strains of illness going around; I wish I'd had as my son was very ill for over two weeks. ","annotations":[]}