{"text":"Suite not good for three, not clean either, expected more For my money, staying in Barcelona is expensive, even for a few nights. I decided that since it was impossible to find decency at a fair price, my sister-in-law, my wife, me  our year-and-a-half son, why not stay at one of Banys Orientals suites, that, according to tripadvisor's tourist opinions and Banys internet site, seemed suitable for a couple, an extra guest and a baby, overlooking that it cost nearly 180+ euros per night with no breakfast included. We were given suite 42, at an old building near the Maria del Mar church, three minutes walk from the hotel, in the Born district. Now, there was free still  sparkling water in the fridge, there were three apples as a welcome present on the table and the main room and the bathroom were nice and modern and not small at all, as some say. The baby cot was free of charge. And every morning I walked down to the hotel to get my emails (on the first floor there were two pcs with internet connection), with no problem whatsoever.On the other hand: the suite was not very quiet (although it was located at the back, with the disappointing view of the neighbor's linen), due to the paper thick walls (typical of Barcelona but nevertheless unacceptable), and there was only one chair if you wanted to sit down. Moreover, the suites' building did not have a reception and the entrance was dark, so the women were a bit nervous each time we got in or out at night, especially after we witnessed a pickpocketing incident inside the nearby church!But actually our dismay aroused as soon as my sister-in-law found out that her room was actually the small sitting-room, her bed was the sofa and that each time we had to go to the bathroom we had to enter her room. The suite, in other words, is not really made for a third person, who, as it is, feels more like a nuisance than a guest.However things got worse towards the end, as the sheets were not changed and the floor was not sweeped for 3 (three) whole days, notwithstanding my repeated remindings to the reception that we had a baby with us who naturally spent all his time on the floor!We tend to believe that this must be a matter of the maid not doing her job right, but the rest are clearly faults of the management. Free water is nice but not essential (40 cents at supermarkets) as is the convenience of the third person, or supervision of the actual cleanness of suites.Banys could easily improve to be what is advertised. But to be, as I read, one of the top 40 mediterranean staying spots? No way, I can easily find 40 staying spots in my country alone, Greece (and I have some others in mind in Italy or France for example), far lusher and far cheaper than Banys! But, you see, they are not located in the tourist centre of Barcelona, which by the way is a stunning city. In my opininion, most Barcelona hotels (and I've stayed in others as well, in the past) would find it difficult to compete anywhere else really... ","annotations":[{"endOffset":575,"mention":"Maria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Marie_biscuit"],"startOffset":570}]}