{"text":"Ideal base to explore Tuscany We enjoyed our stay in Florence, and the location of the hotel close to the train station was very helpful.The rooms in Europe are quite small in general, but we had a room with a small balcony overlooking the neighbouring roofs, and a nice bathroom which has both a good size bath and separate shower cubicle.The hotel has been sympathetically restored or coverted from its original state and there are some very nice decorative touches which have been kept, such as a well, and other antiques on display.It is less than 10 minutes to the train station from the hotel which is a big plus, and in the evening there are lots of local restaurants dotted the small roads of the hotel. Once exceptional one is the trattoria at the end of Via Faenza.We took the open top bus tour on our first day, taking in all the major sights. The bus operators give you headphones which are plugged in to your selected language channel and the recorded tour guide explains what is significant to the surroundings as you travel around the city.We also had a day horse riding which was fantastic. It may seem a little expensive at around 105 euro each, but it was worth every penny. The day starts around 10am and you are collected next to the train station. The drive is around 45 mins to the riding school and after a short introduction to riding basics; you are put on a horse and set off towards the countryside. In our group there was about 6 people and none of us really had any experience, but the horses all knew exactly what to do and where to go anyway, and we had 2 guides with us too so they needed little encouragement from us! The ride was more strenuous that we had thought, so after a couple of hours riding through forests, fields and sunflowers, we were happy to return to base. Once there, we dismounted and were given some local wine and fruit to relax with. There was also the option to swim in the pool, but we were more interested in the wine! After we finished, they took us to a local agri-tourisme villa and we walked around the vineyard, olive grove and herb gardens. After this we went to a local castle and were given half an hour to wander around before meeting in a restaurant in the castle courtyard. Once there we were treated to a selection of wines to taste, and a delicious 3 course meal made from local produce. We returned home around 4.30pm, and had a thoroughly enjoyable day, well worth the money! Just look up Centro Ippico Agrifoglio on google or hostelworld. ","annotations":[]}