{"text":"Great place to relax! After travelling through different parts of Italy for 8 days we arrived at the San Gallo for the last leg of our trip. And though Florence was a huge disappointment the hotel was just as great a surprise. The staff are polite and very helpful. Especially appreciated the culry dark haired woman who seems to be in charge of the breakfast. The breakfast itself was also decent with a good selection of cheese, hams and salamis, yoghurts, jams and other stuff. This was the first time during our trip we got something salty served for breakfast, which was great for Norwegians not used to all the sweet stuff that early in the morning (or at any other time, for that matter). The room was spacious enough, very clean and with a nice balcony towards the not-so-exciting back yard area. As for Florence itself it was a completely different story. Unless you love the art presented in this town and massive hordes of tourists, we would never recommend this town during this time of the year. The Italians themselves have mostly gone on holiday leaving many shops and restaurants closed. It seemed the only people about was the tourists - and they're everywhere. Having read about most of Tuscany being overcrowded with tourists we did expect to see a lot of fellow traveller - but not in a way like this. And it really isn't charming at all. Architecture wise the city has some great buildings but we found buildings in general to be too close upon each other. The city mostly lack the great piazzas that makes Rome such a grand and beautiful place. And apart from the duomos, basilicas and some of the museums Florence is really not a very pretty place. We found it to be disappointingly scruffy and run down. Coming from Siena we felt we might as well have stayed there. Yes, Siena is also crowded with tourists at this time of the year but the town has tons of charm and is a lovely place to walk around.So after our initial walk around town (and we did loads of walking) we mainly stayed in the hotel. And had a brilliant relaxing time. Lovely bathroom (with a rather unnecessary massage shower), good air conditioning and so on. And different to a lot of other reviewers on TripAdvisor, we found the distance from the city centre quite great. Less noisy and you don't walk into the massive tourist crowds as soon as you leave the hotel. If we ever head back to Florence, we'll definitely be travelling outside the worst of the tourists season (if there's such a thing in Florence). Mind, we probably won't as there are so many other great places to see in this otherwise so lovely country. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":752,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":748}]}