{"text":"The best place to stay in Paris!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Well where do I start our week in Paris...we arrived at the hotel after a long haul flight with a 6  7 year old in tow and some anticipation after reading all the fantastic tripadvisor reviews on this place. We were not dissapointed. We booked a family room which consisted of two bedrooms on the fourth floor. Both rooms had recently been refurbished and were very large and modern by Parisian standards or world standards for that matter. Very clean, great beds, all modcons and fantastic bath products, even a dvd player for the kids to watch movies. The hotel is in the best location, within 5 mins to the Champes Elysee Eiffel tower and the Arc de Triomphe.The breakfast which is served in the cellar of the hotel provided lots of variety and was better than anywhere else around for brekky. We also ate several dinners from room service having little ones and being tired from touring all day ourselves and have to say room service was sensational! The hotel uses the surrounding restaurants to cook the meals - nothing is cooked inhouse except breakfast - loved the duck! makes my mouth water just thinking about it. The staff went out of their way to accomodate our every whim including a night out they booked for our 10 year wedding anniversary to Lasserre. Lasserre is one of the highly rated michelan star restaurants in Paris and as such was amazing. Watching the wait staff here was like watching a ballet! The roof opens to the stars about every half hour which was also amazing. Food and Champagne were tremendous!We can also recommend the hop on hop off bus that stops at all the museums and sights and gives a great guided tour of the city and its history.We went to Disney for a day. Very easy just a 35 minute train ride away from a metro that is 5 mins walk away from the hotel and Disney is attached to the train station.I loved Paris and the hotel we chose. The staff and accomodation were amazing up to 5* standards. Book this hotel you won't be dissapointed! ","annotations":[]}