{"text":"Great service and a great stay This hotel is quick and easy to get to from the Sydney airport. It is a short 15min train ride from airport to Wynyard station, and the hotel is located immediately opposite one of the main entries to the underground railway. Even better, the hotel is within a 10min walk of Circular Quay , Darling Harbour, shopping arcades and the monorail.The Hotel doesn't look much from the outside, but step inside it is surprises immediately as my wife and I found out.It was very warm and inviting, and had a great relaxed atmosphere. Upon arriving 2 hours early, they checked me into my room without a fuss, making the whole experience that much more enjoyable. In fact it was the service at this hotel that made all the difference for me.Keeping in mind this is not a 5-star hotel, during our stay it would be hard to argue against the fact that the service was outstanding. Reception and Concierge were all more than willing to lend a hand, offer some tourism advice, where to visit, what to do, where to go, and did everything with a genuine smile and desire to help. I really can't say enough bout how good the staff actually were during our stay!The rooms are not big, but they are clean and tidy, and the bed was comfortable - very important!The Hotel has a sports bar with many screens broadcasting live events, with a cheap bar menu with good food. The Parkside restaurant on level 2 was fantastic with really good food, and is alongside the Piano Bar with some great music and a good atmosphere. Highly recommended. We dined there once and like we found with the rest of the hotel, the service was exceptional. There is a cafe style lounge near receiption with comfy seats, but we didn't hang out there at ll as here was so much to do around Sydney! We have had better buffet breakfasts elsewhere, but it wasn't bad. The hotel also offers a well equipped gym and an indoor lap pool.We chose this hotel as we are Accor Advantage Plus members and therefore receive good rates and discounts on dining. We have also previously stayed at the Novotel Rockford Darling Harbour in Sydney, and in comparison we more highly rate the Menzies, as the service, food and facilities are far superior. ","annotations":[]}