{"text":"Mostly Excellent My boyfriend and I just returned from Excellence this week and I wanted to share our thoughts since I relied heavily on reviews prior to booking my trip. This was our first visit to DR and also to an All Inclusive. The positives:We were greeted with champagne and a cool towel upon our arrival. The lobby is gorgeous and the walkways across the waterway are fun because you can see the millions of coi fish in the water. There are also numerous turtles in the lobby pond!  The beach, 2 pools, landscaping, and botanical gardens are beautiful! The ocean water is warm and pretty clear. There is a reef only 20 feet off the beach toward the right end of the resort. The palapas, cabanas, and chairs around the pools and on the beach are lovely, but they fill up fast. So just try to put your towel or book on one on your way to breakfast and you'll be fine.The rooms are pretty (we had a Junior Gardenview suite). Upon tipping our cleaning staff, we received towels shaped into swans with flower petals upon our sink and bed.We thought that the breakfast and lunch options in the Toscana buffets were great! Much better than we were expecting for buffet options. We ate at all restaurants except Agave and Lobster House. Chez Isabelle is a step above the rest. But get there right at 6:30pm to put your name on the wait list, because you will certainly wait. No worries though, just have a drink at the Star Bar. I had a great meal called Singapore Noodles at Spice and a lovely creamy shrimp risotto at Barcelona. My boyfriend had a great steak at the Grill, however, he ordered a T-bone and certainly did not receive that cut of meat. Toscana stays open til 2am most nights if you want small snacks (pizza, etc), which are helpful after a night of drinking!The entertainment each night (10pm) is fun and worth sitting thru. Most nights there was live jazz on the patio behind the Star Bar\/Lounge.The drinks flow all day and they definitely have top-shelf if that's your thing. There are numerous bars around the resort, so getting a drink is always easy. Also, the house wines are great!The service is mostly good, and the staff appreciate any attempt to converse with them in Spanish! There are activities going on all day and the staff try to get you involved, but aren't too pushy about it.The negatives:The air conditioner in our first room wasn't working, but we didn't know that until returning to our room at midnight the first night. They sent a repair man who wasn't able to repair it and then we were moved to a similar room with functioning air conditioning. This was an inconvenience and we didn't receive any kind of apology or compensation for the inconvenience.If you are on the bottom floor, except to get some bugs in your room. We had a cockroach 2 nights in a row. The first time we used the in-room jacuzzi, it spewed water from the pump and flooded our floor. We had to mop it up with towels and have maintence come fix it. We were too uneasy to try it again after that.The minibar doesn't get very cold.Some days we got washcloths and some days we didn't. The showers are very small and ours didn't have a shelf for shampoo and soap. The towels aren't fluffy.The mushroom risotto at Toscana was average and had no mushrooms in it. We assumed they ran out. The vegetarian meals at the Grill weren't available the day we ate there.Everyone dresses up pretty fancily for evening meals. We would have liked to not have had to get gussied up for dinner EVERY night if we weren't feeling up to it. But it appeared that's what eveyone did.But overall, the positives far outweighed the negatives. Every trip will have some negatives and we felt ours were manageable. We came away feeling relaxed and very happy to have stayed at Excellence! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1722,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":1717}]}