{"text":"Won't stay here again This was our second stay at the Westin Times Square, this time for four days and I left disappointed and resolute that I will not stay at this hotel again.The hotel were aware that our stay was a special birthday celebration. The staff made absolutely no acknowledgement of the this unlike other hotels who make a point of personally acknowledging occasions, often unprompted.As this was a special occasion I had emailed the hotel to request a room on a high floor. We arrived at 10pm and our bags were taken from the car without asking - we were told they would be delivered to our room. At check in the staff appeared uninterested and assigned us a room on the 14th floor. Our corner room was a reasonable size and shape however on arrival we had no washcloths, no shower gel, no bathrobes and the office chair was dirty - someone had obviously spilled food on it which had not been adequately cleaned. The bathroom surfaces were also marked with shower gel rings\/spills etc and there was a layer of dust on the hairdryer and strange little stainless steel trolley which it stood on. Overall there had been no attention to detail from the housekeeping staff.The in room dining menu is no longer a printed document but is supposedly available through a menu on the TV which didn't work.After 30 minutes attempting to view the in room dining menu and order via a defective television, we gave up and called the Service team and placed our order.An hour after we had arrived our bags had still not appeared. They eventually appeared a few minutes before our food order!On each day we were awakened very early in the morning by either doors slamming in the corridor, our neighbours playing the TV or the housekeeping staff banging doors up and down the corridor, including ours which had a Do Not Disturb sign on it. The walls seem to be made of paper !There was no turn down service on any of the evenings. There is no wireless internet which is surprising in a 4 star supposedly business class hotel. The fast ethernet connection cable is chargeable at a rate of $15 per 24 hour period which is rather poor.Unlike some of the reviewers who were fortunate enough to have poor service at a reasonable price of around $200 I paid almost double this so you can see why I'm rather disgusted and won't be staying here again.On a positive note - Shula's the in house restaurant served us the best steaks we have ever eaten and the waiting staff were very efficient and polite. ","annotations":[]}