{"text":"Great hotel I just got back after a 4 day stay in Paris and this hotel indeed deserves it's reputation as being one of the better rated hotels in Paris. Booked the hotel through the reviews from this website and being the first time using it's reviews, was abit nervous but keen on finding out what all the good reviews was all about.The hotel was ideally located at the Arc De Triomphe, only a street away from the bus stop (if taking the Air France bus from CDG airport) and just behind the CDG Etoile metro stop. We arrived early in the morning and the reception staff were kind, polite, receptive and allowed us to store our bags while waiting for our room to be ready (and we actually left and started sightseeing anyways!)We had a club room on one of the higher floors. It was suprisingly very large, spacious and spotless. Having done quite alot of travelling, I was extremely impressed with the cleanliness which was one of the things that I'm particularly fussy about. There was a tiny bit of music noise (still trying to sus out where it came from !) on the first night but the remainder of the nights were quiet. We decided not to have breakfast in the hotel because essentially there were loads of cafes\/restaurants in the area. For those who are fastfood addicts, there's a McDonalds  round the corner. We managed to walk to most Paris sights from the hotel easily but the CDG Etoile metro afforded access to most of Paris without much problems. We tended to go for walks at night to witness Paris by night and felt safe walking around the hotel late(though we were back by midnight).To give a fair critique, i've noticed that the mattress was quite firm but I guess that's personal preference. For the claustraphobic ones, the lift is quite cosy.To summarise, my partner is already bugging me to come back to Paris again and we would definitely come back to the Royal Magda. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":741,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":737}]}