{"text":"Do not reserve unless you get the VIP Service upgrade This is my third time at Punta Cana. First time at a three star all inclusive followed by a four star all inclusive and now this five star. I think the hotel must have made up its own rating system because this certainly was not as nice as a motel 8. First of all, it took us literally one and a half hours to check in. I am seriously not exaggerating. We were staying with a group and two of the three rooms were not ready until 5pm! We had to hunt down cleaning staff to clean those rooms. We have a seven month old and had to pull in a crib from outside (yes outside) ourselves despite the fact that we had ordered the crib well in advance and had confirmed it twice at check in. I cleaned it myself and luckily brought my own crib sheet. Do not exect to have clean towels until night time and a few nights we did not have pillow covers. (they forgot to put them on.) Yes, we tipped every day--and it apparently did not matter. We would have to hunt down the maid to get bottled water and felt like we had to bribe him with a $5 tip to get more since we were washing baby bottles with the water as well. well, you get the idea...ants, cockroaches, bedbugs, mosquitoes in the room, etc.By the way, this is the first time I have written a review on trip advisor and never complain about hotels---Moving on to the pools and the beaches are very nice. However, the pool was very slippery. They have outdoor shaded matresses at the pool which are nice but watch out because there was a rat in between the mattress where my infant daughter was sleeping. By the way, watched the mixed drinks, they wash the blender out with regular tap water. We all had stomach problems and still do (got home yesterday) All in all, place is beautiful but service is terrible (You cannot get a hold of the front desk--they put you on hold for hours or hang up on you.) A couple we spoke with said for $100 more you can upgrade to the VIP Service which has its own transportation, restaurants and room service. DO THIS!!!!! We were all annoyed that AAA did not tell us about this. I have stayed at the Royal Service which I hear is similar in the Flamenco and was well worth it! It literally is $100 more for the entire trip and makes all the difference in the world. This resort is not recommended for senior citizens due to the walking nor for families with infants. BRING BUG SPRAY!!!!!!!! ","annotations":[]}