{"text":"Only one word describes the experience....perfect I visited singapore on 23rd of October 2008, with my wife, sister in law and my nephew, after much research on location and prices i selected the swissotel... the reviews i read very good but honestly my personal experience was much better than i had expected.Location: Perfect, the best area to stay in very posh, open air, less congested and just 5 mins by car to clarke quay and orchard street.It has the MRT (city hall) touching the hotel, the most convenient way of travel. ( for long distance . if u r 4 passengers then a cab is better for short distances only. cabs have surcharges in the morning and evening, for a couple as well MRT is much cheaper and convenient, again MRT is for people who have the time to walk a lot, buy a tkt, board the train, reach ur destination and again walk or take a bus, bt for long distances its amazing). It has 3 malls ( suntec + raffles + city mall ) attached with its lobby. The best shoping experience is singapore. You have a orchard street of course but, i still prefered these to orchard street. In orchard street paragon and takashimaya are the only ones i found worthwhile.Service: we got our room within 5 mins of checkin and the best possible on the 43rd floor with a balcony ( what an awesome view).Room service was very prompt and helpful. Reasonable rates too. The staff in general was very helpful, always smiling and made thier best efforts to make u feel comfortable.The pool was good, not extraordinary but has a good spa in the adjoining Fairmont hotel. Also when u dine in some specific restaurants within the adjoining malls u can sign the bill instead of paying cash. It will be charged to your room bill. Very convenient and feels good.Room: large spacious rooms, amazing beds and pillows ( semi soft beds and soft pillows ideal for a long hotel stay, my back was intact without any pain or discomfort. Good bathrooms and accessories. ( though the photograph on expedia was better than the room, i still give full marks to the room, it was very very spacious, infact the twin room actually had 2 double beds.)I guess all in all some travellers might find it a little expensive i guess the overall experience of stay+room+location +service was perfet not more not less. I loved the stay and enjoyed sungapore more than i would have in any other hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1562,"mention":"Fairmont hotel","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fairmont_San_Francisco"],"startOffset":1548}]}