{"text":"Impressive Everything about Hotel 1898, from the decor to the service and facilities were outstanding. When we arrived at 7 AM, we went up to the roof terrace, found a bed and took a nap. The downstairs pool\/ jacuzzi was perfect for soothing the feet after a long day of walking. The superior room was certainly large enough for two. There was plenty of storage, robes, slippers, large tub, excellent climate control. Even the balcony, just enough to stand on, but provided a bird's eye view of the goings on in Las Ramblas. Quiet too, except I was able to hear (feel) the sound of the subway. Never did it keep me awake - perhaps a higher floor (we were on the 3rd) would help. Never used the restaurant - so many bakeries and cervesarias nearby, and the Boqueria Market. Don't buy the mango juice from the stalls in front. They charge 2 euros - the ones farther back to the side only charge 1 euro.Staff was professional, and provided everything we asked for - which was plenty! Excellent restaurant advice. Two of note: Neyras on Via Laietana 41 - easy to find - both tapas and regular menu. We ordered off the regular and were impressed.Also, El Pintor (Sant Honorat 7) in Barri Gotic off Placa Jaume. So incredibly good we went back for a second dinner before we left. Have the hotel make reservations for you! Try the salted cod with honey, pine nuts  raisins. Try the profiteroles. Seriously.Also, we found success by never taking the Turistic Bus. The bus\/subway is so cheap, easy and clean. Why go all over the place when you can only really see 2 or 3 sights a day? Why wait on that horrible line? Take the 24 bus from Placa Catalunya to Park Guell. Take the subway to Sagrada Famiglia and then walk the Ruta de Modernisme following the signs in the sidewalk along the Diagonal. Take the green line Subway to the funicular up to Montjuic and see Joan Miro and the National Museum of Catalan Art. Walk through the Barri Gotic and make sure to see the Roman ruins in the basement of the Museum of le Ciutat of Barcelona. ARTICKET: if you like art, history  architecture, buy it. For 20 euros, you get entrance to 7 museums (Picasso, Joan Miro, La Pedrera, etc. - it pays for itself after three) Buy it at the tourist info center below Placa Catalunya. (Look for the I sign) Best thing: if you have the Articket, you can skip the long line at La Pedrera. Just give the ticket to the gate guard. She will get it stamped for you and you have just saved yourself a 30 minute wait!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1076,"mention":"tapas","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tapas"],"startOffset":1071}]}