{"text":"Very good Stayed at the Hotel for 15nights at the end of October with First Choice holidays. The weather was fantastic, couple of showers during our stay but other than that it was hot. The beach is beautiful but not very wide for sunbathing, we were always out there by 8.00 am and you could choose your spot unfortunately the second week everyone was up reserving beds by leaving towels on them then disappeared for ages. I felt sorry for people coming onto the beach to sunbath and all the beds were taken but no-one to be seen. I think that most of these people had beds by the pool as well. The rooms were spotlessly clean and the mini bar well stocked daily. We were in block 2000 which was central for the beach and restaurants. The a al Cartes generally were very good, reservations weren't required but we usually dined about 7.00 pm so was pretty quiet at that time but did get very busy later and people queued to get in. The food could be a bit hit and miss depending on how busy they were. On our last night we went to the Steak  Fish restaurant which was already very busy when we got there. We ordered T-Bone and Pork medallions with pepper sauce. We didn't have to wait too long which surprised us as it was so busy, unfortunately it was quick because the food wasn't cooked. My husband ordered his steak well done as from past experience in the restaurants this would mean rare to medium but the steak was literally raw, the outside was just about sealed but nearer the bone it was uncooked as was the same with the pork. It came in one big lump with sauce poured over the top. The outside edge was cooked but the rest was raw, not wanting to get food poisoning (uncooked pork) I left it. When eventually the waiter came to remove the plates we told him we were finished as the food wasn't cooked so he took them away and threw them in the bin and said nothing, so very disappointed and hungry we left. The staff were excellent especially in Hemingway's Bar and the drinks always served to perftection. Overall had a brilliant holiday and would reccommend anyone to go. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1155,"mention":"pepper","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dr_Pepper"],"startOffset":1149}]}