{"text":"Good rooms, great location. My wife and I stayed here in May, and had a very positive experience. We got the hotel as a package deal through Hotwire, and as a result I don't know how our pricing compares to the hotel's usual rates. For what we paid, and for what we expected for a city-center hotel coming from the NY metro area ourselves, we were very satisfied with what we found.The location is fabulous if you are using the train from Schipol - after a 18 hour total travel day it was wonderful to be a 4 minute walk to the hotel from Centraal Station, however if you pack heavy and typically need a luggage cart to haul around your bags, you may have a little trouble. Day trips for two to Leiden (21 euros) or Haarlem (12 euros) are easy with trains leaving about every 15 minutes all day, and the main station for trams to get to any part of the city is about a 500 yd walk from the front door of the hotel. The Jordaan, and Oudezijds (and it's Red-light district) are minutes away by foot and if you bring your walking shoes, the Rijksmuseum and Vondelpark are an easy hike. The rooms were clean and spacious, the bathrooms were equally clean and boasted a bathtub that even a 6'1 frame could sit in comfortably! The built-in hairdryer looked ancient, but according to my wife it worked just fine, didn't smell like burned hair and dust (like some places we've been) and wasn't any louder than her hand-held one back home. The one negative was that the hotel has a scarcity of queen sized beds. We originally got a room for 2 with separate beds--not really what we would ever have expected. When I went back to explain the problem the desk clerk told me that the only option was a setup with 2 double-beds pushed together. The beds were comfortable, but make sure that you specify what you want if you desire a shared bed with your partner here!The view outside the hotel could be wonderful if you like the activity of a city, HOWEVER Amsterdam is putting in a new subway system and the entire roadway area around the hotel is torn up, walled in and under heavy construction. I was told that this project should be done by 2015, but I would assume that construction around the hotel will be done before then. This having been said, neither of us noticed any significant construction noise in our room (granted, we were on the other side of the building...), and getting around was still very easy as they had traffic control workers at every intersection and plenty of access paths through the construction area. We didn't try the brasserie or restaurant here, mainly because the prices were (at least) double what they were at nearby cafes and restaurants (breakfast was listed as 20 euros p\/p versus 7 to 8 euros p\/p average at any cafe within a 5 minute walk), but the food smelled good at least and the bar area looked clean, and very fashionable. The clientele seemed to be mostly business people on work trips schmoozing each other or their clients here in the evenings.The service was friendly and helpful across the board although, depending on which concierge was working, information beyond simple which tram gets me to ... questions were not always accurate in their information (ex: our day trip to Haarlem\/Keukenhof was a disappointment because he didn't let us know that a bus strike in Haarlem meant there were no bikes to rent there). Overall, we had a good experience and would definitely recommend this hotel to others traveling here. ","annotations":[]}