{"text":"Great Time We stayed on the 8th floor Ocean and Poolview and were a little blocked by the trees (for Poolview) ,none the less, it was very nice. The entire staff was attentive and we never had to open the doors when coming into the hotel or leaving. The staff would smile and acknowledge us everytime.Even though we bid through Priceline the front staff still treated us professionally and even upgraded the room to oceanview. Our check in time was very fast without any bumps. When we called for our bags to be brought up they arrived within minutes. I thought it was a joke because of how quick they arrived. The bellperson introduced himself and gave us some tips on our rooms and the area in general.The room was equipped with a refrigerator, flat screen tv, and a very comfortable bed. As others have mentioned, make a visit to the small market across the street or the Walgreen's and stock up on items that will save you from some of the ridiculous prices by the pool. Why not save your money for other things? Definitely give the restaurant down stairs MOMOYAMA. It was excellent and for a couple our total was around $70 tip included, so worth it.I did incur one problem and didn't get help from ANYONE which is why I didn't rate this hotel higher. I attempted to take money out of the ATM located in the hotel casino. The first attempt was for $200 and it said Sorry, we're unable to complete your transaction. So, I tried for $100 and received the same response. Knowing I had money in my account I checked my account online and it shows the withdrawals???? I spoke to the night manager at the casino and he said that the problem with the ATM happens sometimes(the ATM ran out of money) and that I would be credited. They refer me to the bank that owns the ATM and they tell me, We can't help you out cause your not one of our customers.I check my bank account two business days later and the charges are still there. I speak with the front office Manager at the hotel and tell him the above and once again I'm told it's not there ATM so he can't help me. Why would this hotel keep an ATM with this problem????After a call to my bank and putting in a dispute, MY BANK took care of the issue immediately after their dispute division contacted the ATM bank. MY money was credited back to me.Take care of problems that are continuous to customers and this hotel would have received 4.5 rating from me because overall we had a good time. ","annotations":[]}