{"text":"Great Hotel, Great City! We stayed here in between Christmas and New Year and had a great time. The hotel is easy to get to from the airport, just 3 stops on the RENFE trainline and costs about 4 euros each way. We paid extra for an executive room and were really pleased with our 16th floor corner bedroom, the bathroom is huge with a walk-in shower and a heated mirror that my boyfriend loved! The spa is 6 euros per person for one visit and is worth visiting for a lazy afternoon, I had a treatment and found it good value for money. The 23rd floor restaurant boasts excellent views of the city, but as we are both vegetarian we didn't eat there, as there were limited veggie options. One downside to the hotel is that there are hardly any restaurants close by - we found one called 'La Tagliatella' serving mediteranean inspired cuisine (veggie, fish and meat dishes) in huge portions, which was excellent value for money and had friendly english speaking staff. Walk down 'Av. Josep Tarradellas' at a right diagonal from the front of the hotel and the restaurant is on your right hand side, just before you get to the intersection with 'Av. De Sarria'.We bought a five day travel card for 20 euros from Sants station that gave us unlimited travel on the metro and buses and we easily got everywhere we wanted to go, even late at night. The highlight of the trip was a visit to Gaudi's Sagrada Famillia, but get there early to avoid the crowds and start queuing for the lift to go up one of the spires straight away, then explore the rest later. We were also very impressed with La Pedrera, one of Gaudi's finest apartment buildings and they offer a guided audio tour included in the admission. The best views were fom the Montjuic Castle, accesssed via the 'funicular' and bus (included in your travel card) and we enjoyed wandering around the harbour. At night we walked to the fountain at the Palau Nacional made famous in Freddie Mercury  Monserrat Caballe's 'Barcelona' music video. Between about 7pm and 9pm (check times locally) the fountain dances to a spectacular light and music show. La Rambla is over-priced and touristy, they sell animals kept in poor conditions and make sure you have your wallet and valuables well hidden.On the whole a great break and superb hotel, would definitely recommend both. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":678,"mention":"veggie","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Veggie_burger"],"startOffset":672}]}