{"text":"Favorite Place in the World This was my second visit to the Grand Palladium. My first visit was in 1996 with my parents. The resort was just as I remembered ~ amazing. Beautiful staff, resort, beach, rooms, food, etc. I traveled with a friend. In 2010 I plan to return with my husband and two children. Staff-try to be prepared with a little English. Its respectful and helpful. They move a little slower than us Americans but join in, its part of vacation. They are so friendly and really are there to help you.Resort-tropical island with wonderfully manicured vegetation. Very easy to get around walking or riding inter-resort train. The nighttime shows are just right for the vacationer. The kids program appears to be very well managed. The kids all looked to be having fun but my kids will go prepared with some Spanish. Most travelers to the area are not English. The sports complex is wonderful with soccer fields, mini golf, life size chess, etc. Note if you have a traveler who really wants to party at night, there are places to go but its not over the top. The Spa and fitness room (large) were wonderful.Beach-the best! You do need to look for chairs in the morning if you want more than one or two. You can snorkel right from shore. There are places to eat and drink within the resort along the beach.Rooms-very clean! They have gone green so there are great features like your room card to run lights. Also, when you step out on the patio, the door opening triggers the air to go off in the room. So nice to see green.Food-there are a thousand choices that the beautifully presented buffet but this is not the US. You need to accept that things taste a little different than the US. I had no problem finding a ton to eat for each meal ~ too much. There are restaurants where you are served but I didn't find the food any fancier. You were just waited on.There is internet available for cost. Sometimes a wait but never frustrating. Great shops on site and a flea market that comes ~ great stuff to look at.All I can say to whoever is reading this. I love this resort and I would live the rest of my life there if I could afford it:) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":948,"mention":"chess","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Chess_pie"],"startOffset":943}]}