{"text":"Wonderful housekeeping staff at the Marco Polo Prince We've been to Hong Kong many times but always stayed on the Hong Kong side. This time, we chose to stay in Kowloon and picked Marco Polo Prince. We paid a bit more than if we had stayed in a 3-star hotel but no way did we regret the extra expenses incurred because we had a wonderful time. First, checking in was a breeze. The receptionist even graciously agreed to a late check-out time because our return flight would be at late night. Second, the huge bathroom came as a surprise to us. We had read about how HK hotel rooms are cramped but the one assigned to us was more than adequate. The bed was a bit hard but we still managed to sleep soundly. The toiletries are of good quality and the bathtub was clean, perfect for soaking after a tiring day.Third, Marco Polo Prince is adjacent to the Harbour City Mall, which houses the top and expensive brands (Gucci, Chanel, Coach, Louis Vuitton) and home-grown HK brands (Episode, Jessica). There is another mall (Ocean Terminal) that is connected to Harbour City, so it seems like you are walking forever in the mall. There are Western-style restaurants in both malls, for those who would like to defer from Asian food, though I must say that Hong Kong offers an eclectic mix of cuisines to choose from.Fourth, Marco Polo Prince is near Nathan Road, which is where you will find more shopping. There is an MTR nearby. If you walk towards Salisbury Road, you will find the Star Ferry terminal, Clock Tower, Space Museum and Avenue of Stars.The best part of our stay in Marco Polo Prince is discovering that the housekeeping staff are an honest lot, particularly the cleaning lady named Michelle. On our 3rd day, we forgot to lock our safety box. When Michelle came to clean our room, she discovered the open box and proceeded to inform the duty manager about it. For security reasons, they double-locked our hotel room and not even our key could open the door when we got back. All valuables (camera, cellphone, etc.) were in place when we checked. Nothing was lost.Because of our great experience, the Marco Polo Prince is now on top of our list and each time we visit Hong Kong, we will make sure to stay at this excellent hotel. ","annotations":[]}