{"text":"Great View not so great service We had been planning our 4th family reunion and thought it would be great to do in our homeland of Puerto Rico. We started planning April of 05. When we contacted the hotel and informed them that we were having a family reunion (with at least 7 - 10 families in attendance) we requested a special rate and the answer was a resounding NO. That should have stopped us right there but we decided that because of the location and the beauty of the surroundings it would be worth whatever the cost.We rented 9 homes in total (which by the way since we had booked so early we requested that we have as many of the houses one next to the other and they were not able to comply), There were over 40 family members and because we were given such a small time frame to book, several members could not make it . So, those members booked in area hotels and figured we could just go in and spend our time with our families even though we would have the inconvenience of having to travel back out again late in the evening. To our surprise, the first family that arrived wednesday night was told at the gate that they were not allowed to go in unless they were actually staying there. That our only solution was to call our family out to the parking lot to say hello.Had we even known that this was to happen, we would have NEVER booked with them since what good is a family reunion if the rest of the family cannot be with you.The next solution that they gave us was for our family members to pay $25.00 per day EACH person that wanted to come in for the day! Our reunion was from Wednesday thru Sunday!! After much discussion they were then KIND enough?! to lower the price to $10.00 per day.Now for those of us who did stay this is what follows: The houses were ok right in front of a beautiful beach. Our problems were; old kitchen equipment, toilets would back up, there were no fresh towels everyday but every 2-3 days, if you needed a clean towel and it was not your day to receive one, you had to pay $0.45 per additional towel. At the last minute we had 1 guest that could not get a room there and since she was travelling alone we thought it best that she bunk with one of us. We did not mind having to pay for her but it was ridiculous that what served as her bed was a twin size matter on the floor costing $45.00 per day... This was a simple mattress!!!!I could go on, but I want to leave the rest for my family to write about, which I am sure they will.It does need to be said that the location was breathtaking, the beaches were both adult and children friendly.As a person whom has been on several trips (as far a Brazil), for once I have been disappointed and in my own backyard. And believe me when I say that Puerto Rico is a truly extraordinary Island with the beaches, hotels and especially the warmth that our people can provided with their open arms and doors at all times. Sadly, Villas Del Mar Hau will not be seeing any of us anytime soon, BUT they will be hearing from us. ","annotations":[]}