{"text":"Great weekend getaway Perfect vacation for the rejuvenating effect. We decided to take a weekend off and go to the carribean. We had been to San Juan last year and thought ah it was ok. Ponce on the other hand, well at least this resort was very good. The only reason I dont give them an excellent was because of the first impression I got from the staff. The person that checked us in wasn't to helpful, granted we checked in at about 5:30am but he could of been friendlier. Other than that two thumbs up, the grounds of the resort are kept very well. Everything was clean lawns where manicured small beach but nice. Casino on the location is mainly slot machines but have 2 craps tables 2 roulette tables 1 black jack table 1 carribean poker table and 2 texa's hold'em tables. The locals are regulars in this casino they seem to be of the retired age and have nothing better to do than burn through their money. The cost of things are U.S. prices, its not like traveling to D.R. where you'll get more for your dollar. Food is expensive in the hotel. $22 dollars lunch buffet and $30 dollars dinner buffet. There's this one seafood restaurant Pito's Seafood restaurant, food was good there service was ok we went there after a drive thru town. The golf area was very nicely kept they actually have residences on the grounds of the course its a 27 hole PGA course, which probably means they get funds from PGA to keep the place that clean.Quick tricks for you if you do decide to go for a short stay1- Pack light take carryon luggage only2- Rent a car even if its for 2 days its worth going out into town and looking around. Get the economy size car its cheap and it'll be enough to get you around.3- Fork over the extra 30 bucks to stay in the executive rooms, this will give you acces to the executive lounge which includes a free continental breakfast and free drinks (non-alcoholic) and snacks throughout the day. Plus you get free internet access and you could check in and print your boarding pass when you are ready to leave.4- Check out the pier right by the hotel lots of food kiosks for eating typical greasy puerto rican foodOverall good fun ","annotations":[]}