{"text":"Not Great.... Not Bad.... My husband and I have traveled quite a bit in the Carribean, with this being our second trip to Punta Cana. The last trip we stay at Secrets Excellence. Comparing the two, there were good points to both.Arrival:This was the first time that we were ever able to check in our room as soon as we got there. We arrived at 12:00 noon, and was very surprized to be able to start our vacation right away. Room:We booked the romance suite for our anniversary. I was definitly worth the extra money. The room had a king canopy bed with a sitting area, and a vanity in the main room. The bathroom was large with seperate shower and toilet area. One problem that we had, was that the whirlpool tub did not work. But, the outdoor shower ceratinly made up for it. Our room was 1212. We really liked the location, because it was near the beach. The room was very clean and no other complaints other than the tub.Beach:OK....the beach is really nice, BUT forget about getting a pappala unless you are there before 7 AM!!! So we had to play the game!!! One tip... we would return our beach towels after going to the beach for the day, and instead of getting our cards back, we would get clean towels. So in the morning as soon as we s we got up, we could take the towels down and reserve our seats. The towel hut doesn't open until 8:30, so that way we always had our towels. At Secrets, it was very natural with nothing on the beaches pretty much in either direction. The Bavaro is sooooo large and there are other resorts close by , you don't get as much of the natural beauty. Also, there is ALWAYS someone trying to sell you something!!! That got annoying. We prefer the beach at Secrets much more.Food:This was where the Bavaro was far and away better than Secrets. We ate at all the al a carte rest. except the Asian. We thought that there was a lot of variety and different things available. Very good in this catagory.Activities:We both had massages at the spa. We both enjoyed them. Not the best that I had ever had, but not the worst. Go to the spa just to hang out by the pool and use the facilities there. It is pretty nice. We also frequented the Casino. If you are looking for a poker game like my Husband....good luck! There was one poker table and you had to have 5 players. We checked several times, with no luck. But, blackjack and the slots were fun.Extras:Be prepared to fill out several surveys. Everytime you eat at an al a catre rest. you will have to fill one out. Be prepared to walk a lot. The complex is huge!!! Being an American, we were definetly a minority. Most everyone is from Spain or Germany. Sometimes, it is really nice to hear English spoken. Brush up on your Spanish before you go!!!!All in all, I would go back for a really good deal. ","annotations":[]}