{"text":"Get a room on a high floor! Stayed at Saville 2 Bond St the weekend before Christmas. Couldn't of hoped for a better hotel to suit the weekend of xmas shopping, work and catching up with friends. Only major downside is the fee for Broadband (really this needs to be incorporated into room rates). There is a steep charge for parking as well ($35 per day) but that's Sydney for you and you have to wear it if you're going to drive..The rooms are comfortable and have everything you need. Full well decked out kitchen (including mini bar) and laundry. A fantastic touch was full size washing\/ detergent packs. No need to find a convenience store to upgrade from the usual sample packs you get in serviced hotel apartments that only last one wash.Reception were accommodating to my request to be moved to a higher floor after I saw the view from the room they initially gave me. I did not want to spend the weekend looking out onto a brick wall! That was in an executive room on lvl 8 (and I suspect) all the ones below. I was moved to level 12 with no fuss and the view of George st and neighbouring office blocks was just fine. No post card but more personality then a brick wall!I was more then happy with the executive studio - it was open planned with the bed pretty much in it's own space between the kitchen and the bathroom (which is a little small) - with a full size built in wardrobe. The bed was extremely comfortable! Past the kitchen was the lounge \/ dining area with sofa bed, arm chair and dining table for 4. There is also a small balcony. Non smoking rooms that really did seem like no one had ever smoked in them before which was great.Overall $169 (no parking, broadband included) for the studio is a great rate for what you get. In fact it's pretty hard to beat in Sydney. The hotel feels new and is exceptionally clean and well designed.The pool on the roof level is great if the weather is good - small view of the harbour.I had a major hassle when checking out - getting charge twice for my room! On arrival back home 10 days later I noticed the $500 'security deposit' they had taken had also not been returned to my card. A number of phone calls later the situation was sorted out - but having all that money taken out over the xmas period didn't make me too happy. Hotels should only take an imprint of credit cards and not freeze funds. No matter what they say they are never returned with in 'a few days time'. ","annotations":[]}