{"text":"For us 40 year olds, it was perfect! March 31 - April 7, 2007. Halifax, Canada. I was very worried about booking this hotel as I booked it 2 days before we left and I felt I didn't have any time to research it. It turned out to be our best vacation yet. Now, if you're 20 something and looking to party, this is not the resort. It is very family orientated and although our kids are grown, we enjoyed it very much. There were no first time drunk guys if you know what I mean. It was very laid back and they didn't have any loud music, speakers or aerobics at the beach so it was wonderful. You could just lay back and relax. We have been to Bavaro Beach before, to the Bahai Principe. Although the Bahai is much newer, you had to take a shuttle to the beach because the resort was so long and narrow. Also, there were activities constantly at the beach with microphones blarring and people yelling. At the Grand Paradise Bavaro we found it to be a small resort and just perfect. You didn't have to walk all day if you forgot something in your room, or a change from the pool to the beach was no big deal. They do need more beach chairs at both I think though. The restaurant reservation booking system was horrible. You had to stand in a long line in the lobby to book at any restaurant. We decided not to go to the restaurants as we didn't want to wait in line and once you've been to these resorts, you realize the same food is at the buffet anyway! Food in the Dominican is different than here in Canada, however, there is so much to choose from that you can always find something. Their wine leaves alot to be desired if you're a wine snob. We would usually have a couple of glasses at dinner and that was enough (oh, with our lunch too). We would drink vodka, soda and lime from noon on and it didn't get you silly in the sun - it's such a pure drink. We also loaded up on water all of the time. We brought our own waterbottles and you can fill them up yourself at anytime at the end of the bar from the water dispensers. It was beautiful every day. Windy when we first got there and every day it got less. On the last day we decided we couldn't take the sun anymore (now that must have been alot of sun)! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1769,"mention":"soda","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Saltine_cracker"],"startOffset":1765}]}