{"text":"A wonderful retreat from the city It's lovely to visit a hotel where you feel like you are being given five star service from start to finish. Arriving at Frankfurt airport I rang the Kempinski to ask about their courtesy pick up service. No problem, I was told in perfect English, our driver will be with you in 15 minutes. And he was - despite the fact the I was standing in the wrong place. Not a problem for the Kempinski - a quick call on my mobile phone with instructions of where to go and there was the very smart people carrier with the blackened out windows.Arriving at the hotel, check in could not have been easier. All the staff were more than welcoming and offered a cheery smile despite the fact they were obviously very busy with a full house from the Frankfurt Bookfair (for which I too was staying). I was offered assistance with my bag but hey, it's on wheels and I have arms! Walking through the hotel I was impressed with the clean modern decor that, although obviously a hotel interior, did not seem like a carbon copy of every other establishment across Europe. For my own interest I also rather enjoyed all the sporting photographs framed in the corridors.The room itself was very large and spacious with plenty of desk space for working, an enormous (and very comfortable) bed and a spotless bathroom. I was housed in the Park Wing of the hotel with a lovely view across the lake an woodland.For the evening meal I decided to order room service - a simple fettuccini with Bolognese sauce. It did take a very long time to arrive but in defence of the hotel it was Friday evening during the city's most busy week of the year with a full complement of guests AND, most importantly, they kept me informed by a couple of quick calls. It really makes all the difference. The price of the meal was more than reasonable and its quality was excellent - as good as I would have expected had I dined in their restaurant.Checkout was quick and effortless and a special bus was organised to take trade visitors such as myself to the fairground at no charge.My only small criticism was the fact that, for 12 hours use, i was required to pay √à√\u2020√ü?0 for WiFi internet access for my laptop. I have stayed in many a hotel where this is now included free of charge and felt that for an establishment the size and stature of the Kempinski this was perhaps penny pinching.That said I will definately be booking back into the Kempinski for next year's book fair! ","annotations":[]}