{"text":"this is the place for a relaxing vacation! My husband and I stayed at the Iberostar Bavaro for 5 nights to celebrate our anniversary. We were looking for a vacation that did not make us feel like we needed to do any sightseeing. We just wanted to sit at the beach all day and that's exactly what we did! There were tons of palapas and chairs set up but we did get there early every morning to get an area in the first row so we could look out into the ocean instead of through other people's palapas. The staff was extremely friendly and encouraged you to speak Spanish if you could. I was very rusty with it since it had been years ago that I used it but with their help - it started coming back to me. We made sure to tip at every meal (since you don't usually get the same person everyday) and they were definitely appreciative of it. Just a few dollars here and there for good service also gets you an even more attentive waiter\/waitress. The rooms definitely had a musty smell (from the air conditioners I think) but the humidity is so high there that I think that it's inevitable....We always had plenty of water in the fridge and the ceiling fan was in constant use. The bathroom was pretty roomy and everything was clean. The only part of our IB vacation that was not as great as everything else was the food. We have pretty high standards but did not have high expectations after reading some of the reviews. The buffet was good for breakfast - always lots of fresh fruit and juice and FANTASTIC coffee! We had lunch often at the poolside area - which had a pretty good variety. We ate at the buffet once for dinner and did not find much that we liked. Also - since it's open air dining there - we were just trying to not sweat to death while eating dinner! We ended up going to the Japanese, Mediterranean, Steak and Gourmet restaurants (which are all air conditioned) for the following nights. (As other people have mentioned - they are not strict about going to the ala carte restaurants more than your guaranteed allotment.) The Gourmet was the best one by far. Also - getting any wine other than their house wine was definitely a struggle. Although we normally drink wine, we stuck to cocktails. Overall - we were very happy with our vacation and returned home very tanned and very relaxed! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1511,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1505}]}