{"text":"Quality hotel for a good price The Avenue Hotel is rated between three and four stars, depending on where you look, but the more reputable websites seem to tend towrads giving it three stars. With this in mind, and my previous experience of so called three star hotels in Amsterdam, I wasn't expecting much.When I arrived in Amsterdam at Central Station, I was pleasantly suprised by ow close the hotel was, it was no more than a three minute walk from the front of the station. Easy to find too, as the building is a distinctive colour on that street. Upon entering, I was impressed by the reception, which was large, clean and tasteful. The friendly guy at the desk informed us that our room wouldn't be ready for an hour, which was slightly disappointing, but he pointed out the left luggage room for us, so we dropped our suitcases off and went to explore. When we came back, we were given our keycard very quickly, and pointed in the direction of the lift. Our room was on the fourth floor, but because of the lift this didn't matter. The room was not of a huge size, but did make good use of the space. The queen bed turned out to be two singles pushed together, but on the plus side that did mean it was bigger than the average double. The sheets were all very clean. There was a decent sized wardrobe, a huge desk\/dressing mirror, a small TV, another large dressing mirror and plenty of lighting. The window was big, but the view was terrible, just of a brick wall. Good job we didn't plan to spend too much time in the room, and this did also mean that our room was very quiet. The bathroom was of a good size, with a lovely deep bath and nice clean towels. There were two shower heads, one on the wall and one attached to the bath, neither of which would maintain a constant temperature long enough for a comfortable shower, so we resorted to having baths instead.All in all, although there were a couple of small problems (the shower, the single beds and the view), none of these really seemed to matter, because the hotel was clean and spacious, quiet, and the staff were always willing to help. To top it all off, the hotel is in a fantastic location, just on the outside of the main pedestrianised shopping area, very close to the station and dam square, and not too far (or close!) to the red light district. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1652,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1648}]}