{"text":"Try a BananaMama! My bf and I stayed at this resort from April 22nd-April 29th\/07. We travelled with a group of 16 people of all ages for a wedding direct from Halifax, Nova Scotia using Signature vacations.We arrived in Punta Cana via Skyservice airlines with no delays , we had no issues with this airline, good service, leather seats, just not alot of leg room which is typical on any charter flight. We arrived at our resort in the night time. Check in was smooth, language is not a barrier at the check in counter and don't worry about your luggage it will be delivered to your room. If your arriving late in the evening wait for the trolly to take you to your villa, we decided to walk to it and trying to figure out which villa was ours was not easy in the dark.Our room was what we expected, it had one king size bed, and the bathroom was really nice, we did not have any issue getting hot water the entire time we were there, some people did have that issue tho. Make sure the jacuzzi is full with water before you turn on the jets or you will have water everywhere!!!! Our safe did breakdown at one point but they came right away to fix it. Other than that, we did not have any other concerns with our room.Language is a barrier, expecially with the room attendants, and spa staff. Bringing items with you to the resort such as school supplies, and toys and leaving them on your pillow when you leave your room for the day will result in more items left in your fridge and extra towels in your bathroom.The resturants were very good, I recommend the Margarita, the Italian place and Mikes Cafe for desert! I was not impressed with the food at the buffet resturant.The beach was beautiful, we did not have trouble finding chairs on the beach or at the pool. There is a market on the beach just next to the resort, they will not come up to you and bother you while you are on the beach so do not worry about that. Shopping and bartering with them was a fun experience, If you find something that you want to buy find out a price, see how low he\/she will drop the price to and then leave and go back the next day and you will find it much cheaper!!!!! Mark my words it worked for us!Overall review, we loved our experience at Ocean Sands and would definitely return!!!!! ","annotations":[]}