{"text":"Great hotel I checked the reviews on this website before I booked and found them informative. I was looking for ages trying to find a central hotel in Barcelona not too far from the city centre but just away from the noise, and this hotel was great for that.Getting to the hotel from the airport was so easy, we caught a bus outside (A1) going to the city cente which cost just over three euros and took about 20 minutes. We then had a short walk to our hotel. On arrival we were greeted by the receptionist who booked us in with no hassel. Our room was 409 which was at the back of the hotel Overlooking some building work next door, but not a problem. The room was very retro with all the furniture in black and white. The room was very spacious with a flat screen tv. hair dryer, a safe and a mini bar. Ideal for what we wanted.We found the hotel staff always helpful and willing to offer advice if you were stuck for directions. We took the option to get our breakfasts at the local cafe which was great as we sat and watched the world go by and relaxed in the sun and cheap er than the hotel.To get to Catalunya it took us abourt 10\/15 minutes walking which was a great place to start your day to either catch the bus touristic which cost 26 euros for 2 days an ideal way of seeing the sights of Barcelona.You will be able to pick up a route map at various places in the city, but as a rough guide:Blue Route: Covers the South and West of the City, visiting the Old Town, the Olympic area, the Port, the Zoo and Estaci√ã¬\u2022? Sants.Red Route: This route takes you on a tour of the North and the further Western part of the city including Sagrada Familia, FC Barcelona, Palau Reial and lots more.Forum Route: This route covers the East of the city around the Olympic Port, the beach, a beautiful park and the Forum.There are plenty of sights to see we just liked to walk and just see the sights randomly. We especially liked the cable car ride, the walk around the marina, The ramblas, the Gaudi masterpieces around the city and just taking in the general atmosphere.We had no trouble with pick pockets etc but you have to be sensible when you are out and just keep your valubles at the hotel and just take out what you need.Overall we thoroughly enjoyed Barcelona and would go back again. And stay at the same hotel. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":719,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":714}]}