{"text":"brilliant brilliant brilliant myself,husband,brother and sister in law have just returned from a fantastic 2wks at the punta cana grand we were celebrating our wedding anniversarys and to everyone who have wrote bad reviews on this resort i have great pleasure in saying how very wrong you were.Having read bad reviews prior to our departure we strongly considered cancelling. how glad we were we didnt.Everyone working at the resort from caren the rooms manager to the gardeners were extremely friendly. we ate at windows all the time simply because the food and servicewere excellant,the waiters were very friendly and couldnt do enough for us[and not for tips as we didnt tip anyone until we left as we believe in tipping to say thank you not just because its expected] we got to know everyone by their first names and when we spoke to them in our brocken spanish their faces lit uo and readily spoke back. we stayed in building 5,caren gave us ajoining rooms which were very spacious and comfortable. the maid service were very good, fresh decorated towels everyday and the rooms kept very clean. the fridge was re stocked every day with sodas beer and water, again not for tips as we left her a tip when we left. On several occasions we saw caren walking around the resort and she always made the time to come and chat and ask if everythink was ok. the entertainment staff were first class very friendly[look out for olivia and chockolate] two very friendly,funny people] if you want to have fun and join in the activities. the evening shows especially the Michael Jackson show were second to none ,very very proffesional. we walked on the beach several times every day and yes at 6am they were some seaweed after all it is the ocean!! but by 7am it had been cleared away.we always managed to get sunloungers both at the beach and by the pool and the beach towels were always available. we would like to say a great big thank you to caren and her staff for helping make this holiday one of our best and if you are considering going to this resort, i strongly reccomend you give it a try, go and have a good time, you will have the best time ever,we did and were sorry to leave. ","annotations":[]}