{"text":"A little Mouse with Clogs on... My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights recently to celebrate our wedding anniversary. I booked the hotel back in June and chose it for its convenient location opposite the transport hub of the Centraal Station as well as it receiving some favourable reviews on Trip Advisor.We checked in on a Wednesday lunchtime without a problem and were given a room in the 'Garden Wing' (2nd Floor). The room could have done with a little renovation but was decent enough and our first night passed without incident.We never used the bar or restaurant facilities but these must have been popular judging on how busy they were everytime we passed through. At around midnight on the second night however there was a small brown mouse scuttling around our room. We reported this to the front desk who sent a man to our room to investigate. Having conducted a 'thorough' investigation (shining a torch under the bed!) he concluded that the mouse was no longer in the room and that it must have escaped into the corridor via a small gap under the room door. He returned with towels to plug this gap insisting that the mouse had gone, he then promptly left.Around 30 minutes later my Wife, (understandably being unable to sleep) heard a scratcing noise and turned the light on. The mouse was now on my pillow about six-inches from my head!After contacting the front desk again we were finally moved (we were intitially told that there were no rooms available) to a room on the fifth floor of the 'Victoria Wing'. This room was of a good standard and also rodent-free which is always a bonus! Unfortunately it was now after 1am. On checking out the following day nobody from the hotel apologised for the 'mouse incident'. A Trip Advisor user had encountered a similar problem in September, I thought this may have been a one off and decided not to cancel my booking. However I can confirm that there is definitely a rodent problem in the 'Garden Wing'. For those who do not like sharing their bed with small hairy creatures - AVOID!!!. ","annotations":[]}