{"text":"Great Location; Great Service: I Would Return!!! I recently spent at week beginning August 2 at the Travelodge Wynyard. I was very impressed with their communications prior to my visit. My emails and questions were responded to within 24 hours and in a very customer friendly manner.My flight arrived at 6:30am and I was aware that official check in time would not be until 2pm which is typical of most hotels at which I've stayed. They did tell me that they expected the room to be ready by Noon if I wanted to check by with them at that time. They gave me a map and gave me a good orientation to things to see nearby and stored my luggage.I spent that morning looking around and then going to the Sydney Aquarium. and Wildlife Park...a must experience. The time passed quickly and I actually didn't get back to the hotel until almost 2 pm. If you buy a combined ticket to the Aquarium and Wildlife attractions, you get a discount and unlimited visits for 30 days.I did eat the full breakfast on my last day as it would be a very long 24 hours back home. It was excellent with a great selection. Whenever I went out in the morning for my activities, I glanced into the restaurant and found it very busy. I did eat two evening meals in it and they were quite good and reasonable with attentive table service.For those wanting just a light breakfast, Starbucks is just down the street on the corner. McDonalds is located on the next street over with more of a walk than to Starbucks. There is a Japanese restaurant next door and small cafes and delis within easy walking distance.I chose this hotel because I planned to be active and would just need a comfortable room to sleep and did not want to pay sky high exotic destination prices. My room was very clean and it was quiet. I have problems sleeping at times so any small noises can bother me. I heard very little during sleeping hours.The location is excellent as it is within walking distance of Darling Harbour, the Rocks, etc. It is also close to a train station. There is also the monorail, Explorer Bus and the Hop On, Hop Off bus for easy exploration when you get tired of walking. I even took a day tour to Canberra, the Australian captiol, which gave another insight into Australia and a contrast to Sydney but a wonderful city in its own right with its spectacular architecture, buildings, and national embassies.The staff was very good at alerting me to any messages left with activity companies, and they were very friendly. Some spent time in down moments discussing the local area as well as the states.Bottom line is that I have stayed in 4 star hotels with far less effective service and which were noisy. I absolutely was satisfied with my reception, my stay, accomodations, and assistance while there. If I return, I will definitely return to the Travelodge Wynyard. It made my vacation a wonderful experience at a reasonable price. ","annotations":[]}