{"text":"Love hate relationship I have stayed at this hotel 5 times over several years. We go to Bali nearly every year and spend two or three days at the Hyatt Sanur to get our bearings and settle into the place. In many respects this hotel is a shocker, but I kind of like it regardless. The lobby is spectacular. The gardens are great. The staff are - for the most part - very friendly and responsive, but often have no idea what you are saying and get requests mixed up. Breakfast was thrown in with our package and so we ate up big (and it is generous and quite good)but went elsewhere for other meals.Rooms are dated, damp and pretty miserable, and only just make acceptable grade. They have improved the Internet service in the basement room below the foyer (which I complained about in a previous post), but have trebled the price. So, I used an Internet cafe - an annoying 10 minute walk away. Before leaving Australia, I sent the hotel two emails seeking information about Internet and other matters, but clearly they got confused. The first response didn't make sense and I didn't get any reply to my second missive. Perhaps I should not care, but they had no idea that I had stayed there before and that my wife had stayed there many more times than me. However, despite everything, the Hyatt Sanur still has a certain charm and appeal. It is actually very difficult to explain, but I suspect some people who have stayed there a few times will know what I mean. And it's good value for money.A lot of people used to Hyatt standards elsewhere, particularly corporates, will be very disappointed by this hotel. The more laid-back traveller will find some goodness and appeal, especially as it is - as I said - pretty good value for money and well situated.Overall, however, I would downgrade this hotel 1\/2 point on my previous visit 15 months ago. Incidentally the new -ish security at the hotel entrance- post Bali bombings is ridiculous and superficial compared with some of the other hotels we checked out where the security was, by comparison, real and efficient.Will I stay there again? That's a hard one. I feel like punishing them after some of their dopey behaviour this time round. But , like smoking, it is a bit of weird habit which is hard to shake off. ","annotations":[]}