{"text":"Weird and Wonderful The Lloyd is a strange but perhaps worthwhile experience.Having read a lot of mixed reviews before we went we did not know what to expect - but expected the worst. However, it is not really that bad - just not your normal hotel.We had booked a 3 star room so expected at least a bathroom and a toilet in the room. The question was what sort of bathroom? As our guidebook said - the bedrooms in this hotel are best described by the bathrooms! The problem when you arrive is that you do not know what star room you are being given - you just have to take their word for it - which is a bit unsettling.Our first room (11) was in the basement - being told at reception that it was 1 floor down did not bode well but I was pleasantly surprised as this was a large room bright room with original tiled floor, a good sized double bed, some basic but bright furniture and a separate toilet with a door - what a relief! The bath however was in the middle of the room and my partner did not like that nor being at street level and therefore at eye level for passers by - so we changed the room.The receptionist found us another room straight away and without question - as though they were very used to this request.The second room (603) was on the 6th floor right at the top of the hotel which on first impressions seemed more like a warehouse floor or at best a work in progress with bare walls and concrete floors. Fortunately the lifts were great.It was about as far removed (and not only geographically) from the first room as you could imagine. A lot smaller, in the roof space with exposed beams (a la Anne Franke attic!) and with a section partitioned off for a toilet and shower room by a translucent glass panel. Other features of our strange room included many exposed pipes and ducts, bare concrete floor and a board to put up against the window at night instead of curtains or shutters. The view from the small window however was superb across the IJ - so we decided to settle for this. Both rooms had the same basic furniture but did not have anywhere to put clothing except some hooks with hangers on the wall - so I expect this is common. On the positive side the beds, duvets and pillows are excellent.It was not easy to determine what star room either was - we just had to accept it they were 3 star - and in that respect you could probably get better value for money elsewhere in the town.The rest of the hotel was fine although we did not try the food. The restaurant seemed popular and is modern, bright and clean.Access into town was good with the number 26 tram to Central Station and the number 10 to the museums very handy at the back of the hotel.Overall the hotel was very different and obviously had some meaning - the architects and designers clearly trying to make some sort of statement. If you stay here your enjoyment of the place will depend on whether you get the point of it all or not. I am not sure that we did - and we will put it down to experience. If you don't think you will either you may be better off at some other more conventional establishment. ","annotations":[]}