{"text":"It had everything we needed! Thanks to everybody who took the time to review this place. I read all of your reviews and took a lot of the advice I found here. My husband and our 3 year old son stayed at this property from October 6th - October 11th and we had a great time. We arrived way before check-in time and she said she had some rooms available but I told her that I wanted the quietest room available so my son could sleep. We were given room 722 which was in a corner overlooking the pool and the expressway. Some of the negatives that were mentioned in previous reviews are true.  Yes - The hotel is located next to the airport but we didn't hear the planes too much when we were in our room. You can hear the planes land from the pool area but it didn't bother us too much. Yes - The pool area is right next to an off-ramp of a highway but it's camoflauged by palm trees. We live in a city so we are used to the sounds of cars going by. Yes - The hotel has a salsa singer every night from 6:00pm on and the atrium amplifies the noise. We could hear her singing on the 7th floor in our sitting area but when we went into the bedroom and closed the door we couldn't hear it anymore. For the price and everything you get we were really happy with the hot and cold selections at breakfast and we LOVED the happy hour. I'm guessing that during the busy season the lines could get REALLY long but it wasn't that way for us. On two nights we got Outback Steakhouse takeout and had dinner in the bar area while enjoying the happy hour. We are not really beach people but we walked to it twice. I would say that it's a three block walk and you do have to cross one busy street but that cars will stop. The Pueblo supermarket was a five minute walk and was just like the markets at home but even nicer. As there's a mini-fridge and microwave in the room you can really stock up. A lot of reviews mentioned Mi Casita restaurant my husband liked it but I liked the Metropol restaurant more. (I think my husband liked that Mi Casita was less expensive) The pool area itself was nicely landscaped and laid out but it could have been cleaner. My son is an early riser so often we'd be down at the pool at 7:00am and there would still be debris from the previous evening still outside. That's my one gripe about the property. One day we had to wait an hour for fresh pool towels. Our family had a wonderful time and agreed that a 5 or 6 day stay was a perfect amount of time as the hotel is on the smallish side. Hope this helps! Enjoy your vacation! ","annotations":[]}