{"text":"Beautiful...but... My husband and I just returned from a very relaxing and beautiful holiday in Punta Cana. This was the first time we had done all inclusive and have mixed feelings on if we would go all inclusive again. I'll briefly list some of the pro's and con's of our trip.Pro's: The resort is beautiful - the grounds and buildings were well kept, the pools were lovely and well maintained, the restaurants were clean, and the beach was amazing. The weather was perfect - in the 80's everyday with very little rain and the ocean and pool water was just right. The resort is huge but the size of the resort did not bother us at all. We enjoyed walking around and were alway able to hop on the train if we needed to get some where fast.Con's: One of our biggest complaints was the staff - the vast majority of the staff we encountered seemed less than enthused to be working at the resort. We tipped for nearly everything at the beginning of our trip, but found that we got the same service whether or not we tipped. Overall the food was good, but not amazing. By the end of our trip we ate more out obligation (since we had already paid for it) rather than feeling hungry and craving the food. I always managed to find plenty to fill up on, but my husband who is pickier was sick of the food about half-way through our trip. A few times I saw flies crawling on the food, which is understandable, but also pretty gross. My husband, who rarely gets sick was also sick for a good day, and laid in bed the entire time feeling pretty miserable - I'm not sure if this was due to a food issue or a water issue, but either could have been a possibility. Watch to make sure that your water bottle is sealed. Several times we were given water bottles that were already opened and refused to accept them, requesting sealed bottles. Also, be prepared to feel pretty isolated (and stupid) if the only language you speak is English - if you meet more than a few English speaking individuals you are lucky.Some tips: If you have children be very careful in the ocean, as the tide could easily pull a young child under very quickly. Wear a watch - the only clock we found in the entire resort was in the lobby. All of the outlets are European, except for 3 behind the TV which are hard to reach. There are no alarm clocks - but you can set the phone to be a wake-up call. Be aware that phone calls to the US are very expensive. The phone in our room did not accept calling cards, so called home on Christmas day to talk to both of our families using a credit card. We talked less than 4 minutes total. When we arrived home, our credit card bill was $84.00! We are disputing this right now, but not sure how it will turn out.Overall we had a wonderful vacation and do not regret coming to this resort or to Punta Cana. Since this was our first big trip we didn't really know what to expect, so we just thought it was great to be out of the snow. However, after talking with other people at the resort, we consistently heard that this was the worst all-inclusive they had ever been to - which made us question whether or not we would recommend this resort to others. I doubt we will return to Punta Cana because there are many other places we would like to see, however I will always look back on this trip with fond memories. Based on our experiences I would recommend this resort, however, I would also thoroughly check out other options. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2932,"mention":"snow","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Snow_cream"],"startOffset":2928}]}