{"text":"Beware of the El San Juan changes I am well aware that your company has many high end resorts and I'm sure you know what you are doing, but I have some comments I would like to share with you about the El San Juan Hotel.We have been a frequent guest at this property for the last 15 years. We have stayed in several parts of the property over that time but during the last 5 or 6 years (since the Ocean Lanais were done over) we have stayed in that room type and location.We visited with you in mid August and had our favorite room #219, as we usually do. On the way to the room, I immediately noticed the poles and material waving in the wind around the pool. I could not see everything that was done until entering the room. To my surprise and astonishment, the privacy we once had in this hotel within a hotel was destroyed by eliminating the private fence and entry to this exclusive conclave, which previously had it's own private pool and gated entrance for the 18 rooms in this location, but now was opened to the entire property. That in itself was bad enough, but we were in for another surprise. Speakers had been installed in the landscaping that played music (and I use the term loosely in this context) from 10AM to 6PM. The music was so loud and so bass oriented that we could not even close it out by shutting the doors to our room. The bass beat was a constant irritant for the entire time the music was on. It was useless to even consider a restful breakfast on the balcony or a nap latter in the afternoon before dinner because of the constant music (noise). This noise, by the a\\way, was not caused by the construction, which we had delayed our arrival until that was over by the pools, so that this is not precipitated by that type of problem.We had booked for a 2 week stay and just could not stand the constant music from 10 till 6 and the accompanying headache it caused. We checked out after 4 nights and transferred to the Ritz. We had stayed there a few times, but really preferred the El San Juan. We had a really enjoyable time at the Ritz, even though I will say that the room was not as nice and the location not as awesome as the previous Ocean Lanais had been.What concerns me further is that the Oval bar in the main reception area was blocked off and the information we received is that it was going to be changed into the Blue Bar, reminiscent of South Beach. We have a winter home in Miami, and if we wanted the Miami look we would stay there. When we come to the El San Juan, we expect that whoever operates that property will understand that they are keepers of the history and the culture of Puerto Rico and will honor and preserve that culture. What you have undertaken at the El San Juan is shameful and disrespectful of the heritage of that grand property.I doubt that we will return, as a matter of fact we most certainly will not return if that music is not eliminated. It remains to be seen how much the final product will destroy the heritage of the El San Juan. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2121,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2117}]}