{"text":"Unparalleled price-to-quality ratio This hotel doesn't come up high on any travel guide's list (tripadvisor included) so I don't recall exactly how I stumbled across it, but once I did, I'm I researched it heavily as the price (90 euros a night with breakfast included) seemed to good to be true for a hotel near the desirable Eixample area of Barcelona. I contacted the property directly in the summer (via email in Spanish) and they told me that the low rate was due to renovations of the hotel - renovations that would be done in September. My stay was for November so no concern there. The hotel is well-located. Just a few blocks from the Passeig de Gracia and Plaza Catalunya. It's not a block or two away, but rather 4 or five city blocks so if being a stone's throw away (walking-distance-wise) from the center of action is important to you then this might not be the place for you. The hotel met all expectations. The rooms were super modern and minimalist - in a sense almost too minimalist as there wasn't even an alarm clock in the room. For the base price of 90 euros (base price for a standard double), I had a large terrace with chairs and a table overlooking the back of the hotel. The back does not face a street rather other people's\/other buildings backyards. Breakfast ticked all the boxes and was in a sleek, if not small room adjacent to their cafe - the latter which is accessible to the public. (They have a clever sliding door which separates the cafe from the breakfast room for hotel guests.) I imagine that later in the day the divider retracts in to the wall and the entire space is usable for the cafe open to the public.My only quip was that upon returning to the room for a bit after the midafternoon meal, the door was propped open. While I use the in-room safe for valuables such as passports and extra cash, I nonetheless typically put out the Do Not Disturb sign as I prefer the cleaning people not to enter the room as (1) I typically don't make much mess and (2) for security reasons. However, the cleaning people not only disregarded the do not disturb sign, but while they were cleaning they apparently used the deadbolt to leave the door propped open and then neglected to come by when they finished to close it. It was a bit unsettling to return to the room to find the door propped open. Luckily nothing was stolen, but I did go down to the front desk to comment to the staff (in Spanish). Seems the cleaning people were in the process of finishing for the day so the desk manager went with me to talk to them before they left. They admitted they went in despite the do not disturb sign being on the door as well as leaving the door open. The cleaning staff apologized as well as the desk staff. They hotel didn't do anything above and beyond that, but frankly I was just grateful that all was well, so no harm no foul. Luckily I returned during the day around when the lapse happened as who knows what could have been taken from the room had it been left open like that for hours? That could have been another story entirely.Due to the security lapse, I cannot give the hotel a glowing review, but all-in-all it was a very pleasant stay and you can't beat the price-quality ratio in what is THE neighborhood to stay in in Barcelona. I don't know if it will stay 90 euros for much longer, but I would even pay a bit more to stay here. ","annotations":[]}