{"text":"A terrible place for a conference -- or anything else Wow, I wonder if the most recent reviews could have been staying at the same hotel. Because I just stayed there this week, and had one of the most terrible experiences I have ever had with a major hotel chain.We were there for a small conference, and our organization had to book there to get a hotel proximate to Love Field, from which one of our speakers would be flying just after presenting. The first night there, we felt as if we were trapped in a Seinfeld episode. There was no air-conditioning in the lobby because of the renovation, just temporary units wholly inadequate to cool it in Dallas in June. The bathrooms our conference attendees had to use were completely un-air conditioned, so it felt as if you were stepping into an oven. The woman working the front desk was a model of bad customer service. When someone asked her a question or raised a problem, she would loudly explain why it wasn't her fault, and eventually staff took to arguing with each other in the presence of customers. The bellman kept arguing with one of our party about where a restaurant was, couldn't figure out how far it was, offered to take us in the van, then said he had to pick someone up from the airport instead, and then when we asked for a cab, said isn't there one in front? We said no, we were just outside. He wouldn't believe us, and went out to look for himself. It still took five minutes after that for him to order us a cab. Of course, he had to take time to fight with the front-desk receptionist some more.At that point, we just started laughing, it was so bad. And while one can't blame the hotel for this, even the cabby wanted to argue that the restaurant was not in the Mockingbird Station (guess what -- it was!).The catering staff were, on the other hand, wonderful, the bar staff did its best to be helpful, and the sleeping rooms were OK. But the entire property was just not up to even minimal standards to hold a program. As a result, our attendees did not havea good experience, and our program suffered as a result.I would NEVER schedule another event at this hotel. And I am not a picky customer. But I do expect decent customer service, and this was just abysmal. Every day brought new horror stories from our attendees, most involving the front-desk staff, which is key of course in any hotel. ","annotations":[]}