{"text":"Don't Stay Here! My husband, 20 yr old son and 17 yr old daughter returned from our 7 night stay at this resort on July 3rd. The grounds are beautiful...peacocks and beautiful flowers adorn the property. But, Here is my review in a nutshell:1. It is VERY HOT!2. Wear comfortable shoes - you will walk a lot to and from the beach\/pool\/restaurants.3. Men need to bring SHOES - no sandals of any kind are permitted in the restaurants so if you want to eat at any, the men will need sneakers, or any type of shoes. Women may wear whatever they want. We could not eat dinner at any of the a la carte restaurants because we're from Florida and my husband brought only flip flops and leather dress sandals...he was not permitted in the restaurants for dinner!4. DO NOT STOP to talk to the people wearing shirts with the logo Sol Melia on them, unless you are interested in spending up to 3 hours listening to a sales pitch for a time share.5. The employees that work in the lobby area, can be rude. 6. The gentleman at Guest Services was so rude to us that we were considering coming home early. He told us, after we voiced some concerns regarding our room's cleanliness and some insect issues, that if we wanted to go home, we could pack right then and do so. We would have to sue the hotel once we got back to the US.7. To use the water sports equipment you will need to reserve it. Make reservations early!8. Definitely go out to the country - it is beautiful and the natives are VERY friendly...much friendlier than the resort personnel.We took the Bavaro Runners tour and it was the best day we had in DR! Well worth your money!10. Did I mention the employees at the main lobby can be rude?!12. When you order drinks, make sure you tell them you want alcohol, otherwise you won't get any in your drink.13. The only tips worth giving are the housekeeper and the bartenders if you are going to frequent the same bar.14. If you enjoy the sun but need a little break some times, get to the beach early and get a hut...they are awesome!I would not recommend this resort to anyone because of the rudeness of the employees...especially Guest Services! ","annotations":[]}