{"text":"Bravo Barcelo Dominican Beach My boyfriend and I and some friends decided to spend 5 days and 4 nights in Punta Cana. We were attracted to Punta Cana b\/c of the all-inclusives, the beach, and most importantly, the price. After booking the Barcelo Dominican Beach, b\/c we somewhat trusted the Barcelo name, I was a bit dismayed to read the poor reviews on tripadvisor.com. Fortunately, our experience was totally the opposite. It was amazing for the price that we paid. The room...We stayed in the Spa Rooms in Block 6. Luckily, we got a free upgrade b\/c there were no more king size bedrooms in the complex when we arrived. Our room had a jacuzzi, day bed in addition to the king sized bed, large bathroom, and a closet. The only downsides about the room was that the first night we did not have strong hot water pressure, but that was rectified later on. Moreover, we had to request extra towels, but I can understand that the resort is trying to conserve water (re: save the environment) so it wasn't that bad. My suggestion, bring at least one towel with you for your bathroom, so you have an extra.The beach...Beautiful and very well-kept. It was not hard to find chairs at around 11.30\/12 Noon. Lots of sunny spots and shade spots as well. There was some seaweed in the water washing up to shore, but the resort can't control that. Overall, the water was fairly calm and rather clean.The pool...We had a swim up pool bar and three pools. I didn't go into the pool, b\/c I'm a beach person, but the pool area from what I saw was well kept as well.The food...The breakfast and lunch buffets were tasty. Your best bet for breakfast is an omelette from the grill and for lunch, the grilled meats. I did not like the dinner buffet, however, we went a bit late (at about 9.30 PM) so perhaps that explains it. For dinner, you definitely need to book reservations for the restaurants on the property. We tried Wasabi (Japanese), Bahia (Brazilian), and Meson (Spanish). Other guests told me that the Italian restaurant was very tasty as well. Out of the ones I visited, I liked Wasabi the best with Meson a close second. Wasabi is a hibachi style restaurant. The 24 hour snack bar was eh...it just gave you more incentive to eat on time.The drinks...Free flowing and strong.The staff...Friendly and accommodating. I practiced my Spanish. Many spoke English, but don't go there expecting the Queen's English, nor should you b\/c you're in the DR.I also went to Mangu one night and had lots of fun and we took a snorkeling excursion. Barcelo Dominican Beach is a pretty good hotel and worth the price. We walked down the beach to neighboring hotels and just from looking at them on the beach, they did not look as nice as ours. Overall, I definitely enjoyed my vacation and it was quite relaxing. I was sad to go. ","annotations":[]}