{"text":"Never felt so welcome in London! My best stay ever. What a change compared to the thousands of shabby places with shabby service in the medium-low price range in London! This was a perfect stay, and I will look no further in the future. Luna Simone are two twin hotels (or two parts of the same hotel) with a common reception, I was in the Luna part, room 7 (twin) on the first floor. I can't speak for the Simone part, but I assume it was the same.The place is spotless, with soft built-in carpets, security fire doors, simple but pretty furnishings. The room lacked nothing, and was quite spacious. The bathroom was magnificent, better than mine at home, with a gigantic shower. Very confortable beds, very clean linen, towels changed every day, space for luggage, desk and chairs, hangers, wardrobe, extra pillows, a fan, very good heating and lighting, hairdryer. Never seen anything like this room at this price in London!The breakfast (A' LA CARTE!) is magnificent, served in a modernly furnished caf√Å√\u2022¬¥ in the basement. You can select one thing from each of the three paragraphs the menu, but if you don't fancy something, they offer you stuff that's not in the menu. And they bring you more if you want. Better service than in any caf√Å√\u2022¬¥ in town! It's like being in a luxury hotel.The BEST thing of this hotel is the service and the staff, all EXTREMELY nice and professional. I just couldn't believe it! The staff at a Sheraton hotel I once stayed in were no nicer than the ones at Luna Simone. Heartwarming, really.The hairdryer broke, so they instantly gave us a replacement, and the next day a new hairdryer had been installed. The curtain had come off one of its hooks, and immediately they sent someone to fix it. Never in London have I felt so welcome before.We were checking out early, so I asked for a discount and they did give us one. Not as much as I was hoping, just 5√ä√£¬¢, but that's more or less what I spent for breakfast for two in Starbucks at the airport, so it was fine. I appreciated their fairness. Other hotels don't give a fiddle if you miss breakfast.It was well worth spending (per room) 15-20√ä√£¬¢ more than a lot of budget hotels in London to have such a wonderful and confortable experience.Loved it! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1372,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1368}]}