{"text":"Little gem If you don't need spacious luxury but are satisfied with clean, basic and inexpensive, you won't be disappointed with the Luna and Simone Hotel. On a recommendation from another hotel that didn't have rooms available, I booked several nights for my sister and me after reading raves on Tripadvisor. We were not disapppointed. We had two single rooms and a shared bath. The rooms were very tiny, not much bigger than a walk-in closet, but they included a sink, a TV, a hairdryer and enough closet and storage space that we managed ok. The double room we saw was roomier. We would definitely go back to this hotel again for several reasons. It was very clean. The shower and bathroom tiles gleamed and the rooms showed little signs of wear and were kept very clean, also. The breakfast room gleamed as well. The entire hotel looked as if it had been redone in recent years. It was very quiet; there was almost no noise to bother us from others staying there, just the occasional opening or closing of a door, and it was full every night. They have free internet service.We found the staff to be outstanding in their friendliness and helpfulness. After making our initial reservation, we had to make a change in the dates which caused some complications. The staff corresponded with me frequently until we got things worked out, never expressing a moment's irritation or impatience. They were so welcoming upon our arrival that we felt we were staying with friends. After two nights in Paris we returned to find the suitcases we had left with them already in our rooms waiting for us. They were interested in our plans for the day and were eager to offer advise or assistance with any of them including booking a taxi to the airport for 5:45 a.m. At breakfast they made sure we had plenty to eat and offered other choices to be sure we were satisfied.And finally, the price was reasonable for London and the hotel's location not far from Victoria Station about half-way between two tube stations and on a bus route. We were sad to leave and look forward to staying there, again, in the future. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1954,"mention":"Victoria","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Victoria_Bitter"],"startOffset":1946}]}