{"text":"Believe the reviews Having not been to Hong Kong before and not knowing the lie of the land this was a bit of a stab in the dark, based on reading lots of traveller reviews. I can't remember why I finally plumped for the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong, and when I worked out where the hotel was I was (Hunghom, Kowloon) a little worried, but this was proven to be completely unfounded. We arrived at the hotel early - around 7 am and were therefore able to check in but not able to have our room until midday. We were offered another room, but decided to wait until our pre-booked room was ready (this did of course mean that we had five hours after an eleven hour flight wandering around HK in the same clothes...). Just enough time to visit a tailor and arrange to have a bespoke dress made for the following day.The room, on the eight floor (fortuitous, eh?), did not disappoint. We had a perfect view out over the harbour and it's traffic, and the most vital component in any room, the bed, was just lovely. The pool's as it looks in the pictures, but I have to confess that it was a little too breezy up on the roof when we were there to try it. The fitness suite is also very impressive.The breakfast is good (if a little pricey), but there's lots of choice and you can have as much as you want - although I wouldn't go for the room service option - this was a little sparce.The guys on the door are charming and will help you with most things with that touch of inside knowledge that you need when a stranger in town, and the fact that the hotel practically has its own Star Ferry pier, just tops it all off. There's a shuttle bus that drops off in TST and cabs are cheap so there's no problem with getting around. Do make sure that you've made arrangements for getting back to the airport though since our taxi was a surprising $HK 333.I have not stayed elsewhere in Hong Kong but would not object to having my room overlooking the harbour returned to me as I left it two weeks ago. Twas just what we needed. ","annotations":[]}