{"text":"Pleasant stay at the Axel. We are a 50-something gay couple from California that recently stayed at the Axel Hotel for 3 nights this past September, on our first trip to Barcelona. We used the reviews on tripadvisor in order to select this particular hotel, and were a bit concerned that the Axel might be a little too hip for our rather conservative\/retiring tastes. It was not. We were also aware of previously expressed negative comments regarding service and quality of rooms. Again, at least in our experience, these criticisms seem unfounded. The staff were uniformly pleasant, efficient, and helpful, and our standard room on the 5th floor was in excellent shape, clean, and quite satisfactory. Our room faced the street-side, which is our preference, and did allow some street noise to enter the room, but it was not enough to be of concern to us. The room included both slippers and terry-cloth robes, as well as regularly replenished toiletries, towels, etc...The glassed-in shower was large, with beautiful Euro-style fixtures\/hardware. And as mentioned in a few previous posts, the bed was unusually comfortable. On the downside there were not enough resting places for luggage: a folding luggage rack would have been helpful. We had to pay nightly for Wifi in our room (6 Euro per night), but the access speed was very quick (much faster than our home DSL uplink). We ate one night at the hotel's restaurant and were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food and friendly service. (We had the mushroom-cheese risotta and Argentine steak which were both delicious.) It surprises me that more people do not mention how nice the roof-top lounge area is with pool, hot-tub, exercise room (with treadmill, free-weights, weight-machine, etc...), sauna, steam room, and inviting lounging areas. A few quibbles here: the hot-tub is a bit small and shallow, and as mentioned elsewhere the pool is just for dipping - sufficient for cooling off after a nice sauna. One other unexpected surprise was the enjoyment we obtained from meeting with our fellow travellers at this hotel: a mixed, interesting, and congenial group, (this based on just a couple of communications we made). A few other pluses: our plumbing, air-conditioning, the elevator, were all in good working order; early wake-up call and taxi-arrangements to the airport - all without incident. (An aside regarding laundromats: the ones we were directed to were several long blocks away from the hotel and of only mediocre quality. If you are doing a multi-city trip as we did, it may be easier to get your self-service laundry done elsewhere.) Unless we hear of a better hotel in Barcelona for gay couples, we definitely will be staying here on our next visit. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1965,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1961}]}