{"text":"Ok, but don't think I will be back I was at the Dreams Resort the week of June 19th-25th. I've read some of the other reviews and let me say lucky people to the ones that didn't have a bad ride from the airport. Ours was so bad that my mother was covered in bruises from her legs to her arms. We had to resign ourselves to the fact that we were going to be in a wreck, we just didn't know how bad. Luckily we made it to the hotel to be greeted by champagne and a cool towel, which after the ride was welcomed.The staff was very friendly at check-in and in the lobby. We were put in rooms 2225 and 2227. Both of the rooms had air conditioning problems. 2227's didn't work at all and 2225 only cooled the room to about 85 degrees. Both rooms had a musty smell and the maid service had to be called almost daily to restock the fridge. The showers ran really hot and then really cold. I suggest not messing with the temperature any when it turns cold or you may get burned a few seconds later when the hot water kicks back in. The food was okay. I think we ate at the buffet everyday cause it was quick. It got repetitive pretty quick. The Tex Mex place was good though. Have a good understanding of Spanish and be able to speak a little. My high school Spanish barely got me by. The entertainment crew was great. 50 Cent, Mickey Mouse and Michael Jackson were our constant companions. These guys love their jobs and it is evident. Found out that Michael lost some family in Katrina and Rita, but he is thankful for his job. What we saw of the island is poverty stricken. They have armed guards that patrol the place at night. My friend found this out walking the beach at night just to see a man with a gun step out in front of her. Scared her to death, so be warned if you feel like going on a late night stroll. The vendors that set up in the square will drive you nuts if you give them any leadway. If you aren't interested, the best thing to do is ignore then and keep walking. Otherwise you will be stuck there for an hour with the vendors fighting over you. If you are wanting to buy something, haggle. I talked someone down by $50. We didn't leave the resort, because we didn't feel it was safe to, and my little bit of spanish worked at the resort but I didn't think it would outside the resort. ","annotations":[]}