{"text":"A big gem of a little hotel! My husband and I stayed at this hotel from 18-24th of Sept. 2006.We loved the positon of the hotel in Las Ramblas, right in the middle of the action!You could walk to the sights, great shopping at the Passeig de Gracia... a great place from where to explore the city.The hotel facade is so pretty that tourists frequently stop and take pictures, especially at night.The room itself was furnished very well. It was a mini suite, very roomy with a big, comfortable bathroom. It had a jacuzzi tub\/shower and a bidet.All is great at this hotel but the greatest thing was our BED!!! It was the most comfortable, the best bed I have ever slept in all my life! That coming from a veritable Princess (as in Princess and the Pea!)This bed was to die for. It was one of those adjustable beds where you could lift the top of the bed, the bottom of the bed, and adjust it to everywhere in between. Each side of the bed is completely adjustable! Not only that, the mattress was not too hard, not too soft, it was just right!The sheets were just the right softness, not too starchy, and the pillows were incredible. I wanted to ship home the whole kit and caboodle! The sheets, the pillows, the adjustable bed, everything!I was ready to trade in my Tempurpedic bed at home to get this particular bed and sheets. I tried to figure out which manufacturer made the sheets but they were unmarked. I did buy the best sheets at El Corte Ingles but they were not as good.(I got to try them out at home later.)I couldn't wait to get into the gloriousness of this bed every night.It was unbelievably good. Needless to say, everything else about Barcelona followed ensuite.The best restaurants-La Barceloneta and Botafumiero.Don't waste your money on Jean Luc Figueras, that was a total waste of 200+ Euros. We couldn't get into Huffman at all.Remember to ask for the adjustable bed when you book!Look no further, this is the best moderately priced hotel in Barcelona! ","annotations":[]}