{"text":"Pretentious, no regard for customer service at all I guess I can understand the positive reviews for this hotel. At first moment's glance, the Silken Diagonal is impressive. But the veneer doesn't last. My stay was altogether terrible. I overlapped my stay with seven other colleagues -- we all had separate rooms, but we all had similar experiences.In summary:-- I was not permitted to check in until 3:30.-- Three days of my five-day stay there were marked with a LOUD thumping techno party happening all afternoon and evening on the top floor of the hotel. When I complained, the hotel staff simply shrugged and said that there was nothing they could do about it. Apparently they rent out the space frequently for functions. During this time the elevators were unusable, as was the top floor. The swimming pool was strewn with empty beer bottles. Enough said. You should have seen the line at the reservation counter of guests trying to get their rooms changed to some part of the hotel far away from the roof. This, of course, was folly -- in fact, you could hear the rooftop party from several blocks away.-- My reservation rate was incorrect. They had a reservation rate that was 15 Euro higher. When I asked for documentation of this reservation, they conveniently said that they had lost the paperwork. I had also requested breakfast, but again, this was supposedly not included in the reservation. One clerk finally told me that he would take care of everything for me. Upon checkout, I found that none of problems had been cleared up, which required an additional 20 minutes of wrangling with another employee altogether. In the end I got the room rate that I reserved, but for some bizarre reason they would not let go of having me pay for just one of the breakfasts. Was it their pride I was hurting? They acted like infants and tried to wrestle a few extra measly dollars out of me, all the while knowing that they were probably jeopardizing any good will I had left with them.-- The elevators are an abomination. They are small, cramped, and have a completely dysfunctional and non-traditional call system. Expect long wait times.-- There is no wireless internet access in the rooms below the top two floors. -- In-room catering clean-up apparently only happens once a day. I can't tell you how many times I saw meal trays sitting outside my hallway left unclaimed for hours. Was the entire staff too busy partying?-- Most importantly, not once during my entire stay there did I get a simple smile or thank you from the staff there. They dress smartly with their tailored suits and play the part, but they seem to have no talent whatsoever for making their visitors' stays comfortable.The hotel is not in the most convenient area of town, but it's not in the worst area either. There is an eyesore of a shopping mall across the street from the hotel, but aside from that there is nary a single convenience in the immediate vicinity of the hotel. Good luck changing money, shopping for food or snacks, getting an after-dinner drink, or doing just about anything other than sleeping. (That is, if you can stand the noise from the revellers!) Yes, you can buy a drink at the bar downstairs in the lobby of the hotel at prices that are around 200% more than what they should be.In short: give this place a pass. Don't be fooled by it's fancy sheen. It is, in fact, a complete and utter nightmare. ","annotations":[]}