{"text":"Super Charming  The Water Club is a charming boutique style hotel. It offers a fabulous beachfront location, but even more special are the staff, who make guests feel like returning family members. The staff here could give lessons to their colleagues at more exclusive hotels. They ALWAYS offered a smile and greeting. Housekeeping was diligent, and quiet. The Bar staff, friendly and outgoing. The Sushi Chef could be the most highly credentialed in the Caribbean. I've just returned from 5 nights there. I can't remember when I had a nicer time staying at a hotel. I was travelling by myself on business. In the evening, I hoped to have a little fun. After all this is San Juan. The hotel is clearly gay friendly, but hardly exclusively so. It's a great place to meet people, especially when travelling alone, as I was. Perhaps they should consider a tea dance one night on the roof. It could be FABULOUS! Even still, sitting on the roof alone is a pleasure, and the Mojitos, expertly made, bring it all to fruition.I loved the bath products, my oceanfront room, and the welcoming eye contact, greetings and smiles from all the hotel staff. It made me feel like this was my second home. If only all hotels trained their staff to smile and nod at their guests, it makes such a huge difference. Made me feel special.The lighting is a bit funky, and my room could've used a full length mirror, but these are minor. The main thing is I didn't feel like I was part of a corporate machine as guests often do at mainstream hotels like Ritz Carlton or Embassy Suites. This was fully personalized all the way.I can't wait to go back!The furnishings are a little bit worn, but the bed is comfy and the sheets are 100% egyptian cotton. The bath products are by H20 and make for a luxurious shower experience (though the shower has some leak challenges. I didn't worry about it though and left that to Housekeeping.) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":30,"mention":"The Water Club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_Water_Club"],"startOffset":16}]}