{"text":"Great stay at the Jazz in lovely Barcelona The Jazz Hotel was the perfect place for our final stop in a 12 day trip to Spain with a girlfriend. The rooms are modern, cool, and spacious compared to other rooms we stayed in on the trip. The location is perfect, between the Ramblas and Eixample one block off Placa Catalunya so it's easy to explore a few parts of the city on foot. We enjoyed being able to drop our many shopping bags off in the room and continue on. The rooftop pool was a welcome site for us when we arrived after a long day of travelling from Granada. The weather was warmer than we thought it would be in early October, so we were able to relax for a bit poolside and map out our plans for the next 3 days.We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel because we wanted to enjoy the outdoor cafes of the Ramblas and Bari Gotic as much as we could.The staff was nice but could have been a little more friendlier. We found this to be the case overall more in Barcelona than other Spanish cities. I'm thinking because it's more urban. We dined at the Attic on the Ramblas and encountered pretty terrible service as well, so I wouldn't recommend it. Other advice: 1)If you're flying into Barcelona, go the the information\/tourist desk in the airport. They'll give you a map of the city, circle the hotel on it, and show you how to take the Aerobus downtown. The hotel is really close to the 3rd stop on the route. Round-trip is 6 euro instead of 20-30 euro for a taxi.2)Barcelona is easy to get turned around in, especially in the Bari Gotic. The lack of street signs across Spain became frustrating after getting confused several times. (Street names are listed on the sides of buildings for the most part in Spain.) I would ask the hotel for specific directions if you're looking for a particular restaurant etc. We did take the metro to the Sagrada Familia, and it was pretty easy to maneuver. 3)If you are from a non EU-country, be sure to do the Tax-Free shopping option all across Spain. Most stores have the forms so just ask for them. If you spend over 90 euro in one store, you are eligible to get cash back for those purchases. You just fill out the forms, get them stamped at Customs in Terminal A of the airport, and mail them in for free to get a few dollars back in cash or on your credit card. ","annotations":[]}