{"text":"Perfect location, couldn't ask for better Date: April 2008Reviewer: Chris - MissouriThe Marriott San Juan Resort  Stellaris Casino - You definitely get what you pay for here. From the minute you walk in the door with the marble floors, the bar right inside and live entertainment. We arrived at 9 PM on a Friday night and the party was already going! The entire staff was friendly, helpful and professional. The room itself was extremely nice. Big flat screen TV, nice bathroom with marble counters and plenty of room. The bed was sooooooo comfortable. I would like to have brought it home with me!My daughter had never gambled so we went to the casino. I was just getting ready to take her picture when security came over and said it wasn't allowed (oops!) We didn't know that. We were just trying to document her first try at the slot machine. We were on the 10th floor and had a city view. Didn't realize we had a balcony, and when we did the vew was spectacular. The view to the left was the Atlantic Ocean and the view to the right was the city. Naturally we preferred the view of the ocean.There were 2 pools, one was geared more for kids, but adults had fun in it too and the other had a swim up bar. The pools were never overcrowded and neither was the beach. There were always lounges available when you wanted them and there was always someone from the hotel there who would carry them to where you wanted. The beach was extremely clean and uncrowded. We were there from a Friday until Tuesday and even over the weekend it wasn't packed. There were two restaurants in the hotel. We only ate at LaVista. Food was good. I tried the buffet one night just to say I did. I definitely could not eat my monies worth, but the food was extremely good.The bar area was a lot of fun. There was live music every night and the drinks were great. It was always busy there in the evening, but not to where you couldn't find a spot to sit or dance and have fun. I would not hesitate to come back to this hotel at all. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":468,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":464}]}