{"text":"A Wonderful Holiday My husband and I are seniors (in fact he is a senior senior) and although we seldom go on all inclusives this one was truly wonderful. As he has some difficulty with stairs we asked for and got a ground floor room in Bldg 5 the closest to the beach and the pool. The room was large and clean BUT very musty smelling. We turned the AC off and opened the patio door ( and main door when we were there) and got a lovey breeze which after a couple of days cleared the air. We believe it is the air conditioner that causes the smell . We found the beach to be lovely ( very much like the beaches in Antigua where we go frequenlty. ) However being as it is the Atlantic and not the Caribbean, the sea is farily rough..you can certainly swim, and we did every day but it can be quite a challenge!!! I am not sure if it is ever calm. But great for sailing !We thought the food was really quite good. The buffet was great with a lot of variety. Breakfasts were wonderful!!!The a la carte restaurants were good too . As other reviewers have mentioned, if you want to book one of the exclusive restaurants at the other hotels that come with the VIP package, do it immediately upon arrival or the best one (La Cava by all accounts) will be taken.We went to El Pescador instead which was ok but not great. Staff are so friendly. My husband speaks Spanish and I can stumble along in it and they realy liked that!!! They were always chatting and smiling and nothing was too mcuh trouble for themWe did find the DJ at the pool very loud around noon each day as he gets people to do aquacises in the pool. and the music (and his voice) is deafening and pretty irritating actualy. . He does it again aroudn 4:00. But it only lasts half an hour or so. We just closed the door!!!At no time did we have any mosquitoes and we had our door open all day long including the evening...No did we have any stomach or other upsets..I strongly believe those are caused mainly by over eating, over drinking and too much heat!!!This is a small (270 rooms) hotel with nothing more that a three or four mintue walk away. This is good for us older folk!!!I would recommend it highly to anyone. I think if you want a really lively nightlife you woudl need to go elsewhere. ","annotations":[]}