{"text":"Very Average... This is a hotel which should be easy to like... but it's not. It's a budget hotel which seems to be charging prices for and billing itself as something better. My overall stay wasn't unpleasant, but for the money I paid I expected something a little better.I'm not a beach goer so the fact that it was some distance from the water didn't worry me, if you plan to be back and forth to the beach though then you'll be disappointed.The location is great for wandering around the Waikiki shopping area though and the bus to Honolulu, Ala Moana, the airport etc. all stop right outside the front door which is very convenient.The problem is all the hype calling this a `new' hotel. I don't know for sure but it looks to me like there was an `old' hotel using these buildings before the Wyland people moved in and renovated the lobby and the pool area. Although the furniture is new, the rooms seem a bit dated. They could do with painting (ironic since that's what Wyland is all about!!) and have bad noise issues. Do not stay on the lower floors or on the Kuhio side if you can avoid it - I've stayed in many hotels all over the world (3 in Waikiki) and I've never had such a problem with noise as in this hotel. I went to sleep hearing every footstep on the street outside and I was woken at 6:00am by the buses which sounded like they were in the room with me.I eventually moved into the other tower at the hotel where the rooms were equally `tired'. I could hear every conversation, shower and toilet flush from the room next door. An additional pain is that there is only 1 tiny elevator to service the 12 floors which means there's a lot of waiting around if you're too high up for the stairs to be an option.The staff were friendly and helpful - though it wasn't until my second attempt and a threat to cancel the remainder of my stay that I was moved into a quieter room. Also, I found the free wireless internet in the lobby to be unreliable... But I wasn't there for the internet.I can't help but think Wyland should have lent his name to a quality hotel instead of this `cheaper' option. Just sticking a few paintings on the walls doesn't change the fact that this is a very average hotel. For the same sort of money you can stay somewhere much better where the quality is genuine and not quite so superficial. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":664,"mention":"hype","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hype_Energy"],"startOffset":660}]}