{"text":"Pleasant Surprise We stayed at the Embassy Suites February 21st-February 25th 2008. Travelers consisted of three couples ranging from ages 28-38. I read many reviews as I do every time I travel, some good some not so good. I must say that we were pleasantly surprised. I realize that it may bother some people that it is so close to the airport, but it really did not affect us. We never lost any sleep over that or the music in the atrium. The 2 room suite was decent and very spacious. The buffet breakfast ( which is included) was also very good. We especially liked the fact that they make cooked to order eggs\/omelettes. The 2 hour nightly manager's free happy hour was also a nice bonus considering the fact that you are staying at a hotel so they overprice the cocktails. It is a good idea to go to the supermarket and pick up your own beverages. You will save considerably. I am used to all-inclusive so it was tough for me to see that they were charging $5.00 for a beer. I am by no means cheap, just pratical. Also, I read reviews that stated the beach was about a ten minute walk??? The walk is about 5 minutes, possibly under. We went to the beach several times after laying by the pool which was extremely cold. The pool was our only disappointment. It was nice to look at and that's about it. I spent most of my time in the hot tub. There are many places to eat outside the hotel. If you like to walk you will find pleanty on the way. Fortunately, I traveled with people who know the island so we were able to hop in the car and go to different locations which is a huge plus. Also, the casino which is open until 4 A.M. is pretty small, but we did not have a problem with that. I believe we make our own vacations what they are ie. fun, romantic,quiet etc. It is a great hotel for the value. We would certainly stay there again in the future. As a matter of fact, we just booked a trip for April at another Embassy Suites in a different part of PR. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":686,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":682}]}