{"text":"Amazing We stayed at the Melia Caribe royal service for 1 week at the end of June this year and we can not wait to return. This was our 5th trip to Punta Cana. We have stayed at the Bahia, Majestic, Bavaro Princess, Grand Paradise Bavaro, and now the Melia Caribe royal Service.We always try to go to new resorts but I will definately return to the Melia. The Service, rooms and food were the best we have ever had.We were booked in to a Royal service Master suite but upraded to the 1 bedroom suite on arrival. This gave us sooo much extra room (we have 2 kids so we don't travel light ) The rooms were top notch. Best we have ever encountered in the dominican. People always say that they don't care what their room is like cause they don't spend much time there but I love having a nice room. we always spend 2-4 hrs a day (besides sleeping) in our room just relaxing sitting on the balcony, resting from the swimming and heat of the day.This 1 bedroom suite did not let me down. It had a full kitchen with granite countertops beautiful bedroom with separate vanities and jet tub. Dinning area and tv area. The Gabi Area exclusive to the royal service is very beautiful and very clean. The food was excellent in the Gabi restraunt. I usually lose weight on our holidays because I don't always like the food. I try everything but for some reasons it hasn't been my favorite part of our holidays. The Gabi restraunt had great food. The Lobster Supreme (Ala Carte) I ate most nights was delicious. For Suppers you can either eat the buffet or A La Carte at the Gabi.The Gabi had great atmosphere, was not busy and a nice open air style.The pool area at the Gabi was great. My kids loved it. Very Very clean, great food and fun huts to lay in. The Beach area was also very nice. The Royal Service rooms are not beach front and I was worried bout this when booking, but was pleasently surprised. The transportation in the royal service was exceptional. Never had to wait for a trolley and they take you right to the beach. The bar service on the beach was very nice to have as well. The only complaint I have in regards to the resort was while we were there, there was some seaweed That washed up and in the water daily but that seems to happen during the rainy season. It would have been better if they would have raked it up once in a while. This is minor but...Entertainment was the usual, But my kids sure enjoyed the zip line and bungee tramps.All in All we really enjoyed our time. This is one of the only resorts (besides the Bahia) I would return to not because the others weren't up to par because they were great but because this one was exceptional in every way. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":789,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":785}]}