{"text":"Very ordinary I stayed for 3 weeks in a one bedroom apartment about halfway up (15th floor I think). View was straight up Bathurst Street (ie no view). I was there during world youth week, and I had a lot of trouble with noise. This is in a quieter part of town normally, but the noise of cars and people is very audible, even with all doors shut and curtains closed. The party may as well have been in my room. You also get the noise of churchbells from just up the road, but this is not as annoying by itself, and is not constant of course. Just very loud.The staff were very helpful, but the place was so tired looking. It looked exactly what it was - an overcleaned, overused serviced apartment. There were marks and stains on everything, the kitchen was not very good - very grubby and lacking basic utensils - no chopping knives or boards (previous occupiers had clearly just used the laminate worktop to chop things), dirty pans and a kettle that was so awful I had to scrub and boil it about 4 times before it was approaching usable. The first thing I did on arrival was put everything through the dishwasher or washed it up myself. On the plus side, it was spacious, with a large bathroom (shower over the rather shallow tub), and a very useful utility area with a washing machine and dryer. The layout was well designed.The television was very old fashioned, and did require a lot of manual button pushing (ie the remote only changed channels really - I had to switch on and off on the set, and also adjust the volume on the set), plus it was a small old screen).There was a hosuekeeping service every day which varied according to who you got. Each cleaner seemed to have their own idea as to what they would do or not do, which made it quite interesting in some ways to see at night what had been done that day.The gym is tiny, and consists of one treadmill, a couple of bikes and a few free weights. The pool also is more of a tiny lap pool, better for splashing in. I only saw one other person there during my whole stay.The lifts are very very slow, they tend to shut one down a lot, and then it is all stops up and down. Not a large lift either - 4 people and luggage and it is bursting.Whilst I was there, the apartment next door was rented by a family for a week, and the cooking smells did permeate the hallway, and under my door - I knew what they were eating 3 times a day. Not very effective ventilation. I realise this can be an issue in all apartment blocks, but the low ceilings really did cause smells to linger nastily.As a whole, I would not recommend it - location is pretty ordinary, and the apartments are tired. The staff are generally very friendly tho'. I did have one issue on the last day when I specifically called down to reception to request an extra hour to check out. This was readily granted, but then at exactly one minute past the normal check out time I received a call reminding me of the time and asking me in a rather rude abrupt tone why I had not yet left? Not a great last impression at all. ","annotations":[]}