{"text":"Amazing Time Had Ok after spending the last month before we left reading some reviews on here we were a little hesitant about what we were in for at the Riu Taino.We just got back from spending a week there yesterday. And what we found ourselves doing alot last week was looking at each other in astonishment and saying How could you not enjoy everything about this place !!!!ROOMS: Yes the rooms are kinda small but if the only reason you head south is stay in your room then stay home. The maids did an amazing job as our room was completely spotless each and every day. We left the maid 2 bucks a day and a small gift at the end of the week and thats all.Trust me we spent every single day on the beach so we tracked alot of sand into our room and she got every grain of it cleaned each day.Fridge was stocked regularily and the liqour dispenser was used at the end of everyday....God I loved that thing.FOOD: Had no problems finding something different to eat everyday and it was all good. Particularily enjoyed the Italian ala carte. Went to it twice and both great meals. Staff at all restaurants and buffets friendly and always right there to top up your wine glass.SERVICE: Incredible service. The La Bamba bar is great and the bar staff is nothing short of amazing !!!! Great people very funny and always kept you laughing. They live to see you drinking and having fun and you can tell they really enjoy their jobs.BEACH: One word....SPECTACULAR...enough said.ENTERTAINMENT: Considering they are all amateurs they do an incredible job. Had a good laugh at every show we went to. I wish I had an ounce of Charlie Lopez's energy.OVERALL: Two thumbs up for the Riu Taino and its staff. To anyone that comes here that is heading there for a vacation be rest assured you will have as much fun as you allow yourself to as only you can make your visit there unenjoyable. Enjoy it you will love it and say hi to Luis and the boys at La Bamba.Feel free to contact me for more info anytime. ","annotations":[]}