{"text":"Dont be put off by it not being on Market St or in Union Square A lot of reviews of this fabulous hotel say its in a quiet part of town (financial district) and coming from London you imagine this means that you'll need a taxi to get anwhere and the area will be quite eerie.WRONG.If you have a pair of legs and can walk you can be on Market St\/Union Square in 5-10 minutes.I'm used to big busy cities and there is nothing worse than staying in the throbbing throng with all the tourists. For this reason the location of the Omni is a real bonus. Far from the madding crowd but no so far to be any kind of inconvenience.It is true that most of the guests seem to be there on business but its no problem. Dont eat there if you dont want to hear suits talk turkey. Go out and enjoy the many fanatsic restaurants in San Fran instead.TIPS:Join the SelectGuest programme (a kind of clubcard membership) for free in adavnce and then you get a free paper and drink delivered to your room every morning at a time you specify. You also get the option of ordering light breakfast items at an extremely reasonbale rate. (cream cheese toatsted bage was about $3 or 拢1.50).The gym is stocked with complimentary water and fresh(ish) fruit. 'Nuff said on that one!Free internet service in the lobby.If noise bothers you stay as high up as possible. (on the 5th you can hear the tram bells, on the 13th you can hear nothing).You can buy your MUNI passes from the fornt desk at their face value.If travelling without too much luggage do yourself a favour at SFO and use the BART rather than pay for a taxi. A jounrey on the BART is only $5.15 and the walk from Montgomery Station is less than 10 minutes. The BART was very safe and clean.ROOMS:Look nicer than they appear in the photos. They're quite dark which is why the photos dont do them justice. It's all very faux-Georgian but tastefully done. Bathrooms are classy too.Not enormous amounts of storage but enough. Avoid the mini-bar.SERVICE:Front-desk and doormen were superb. Extremely friendly and helpful. Nothing was too much trouble.Room service was extremely punctual with the selectguest drinks delivery. (you book a 15 minute slot and they there on the button every time).A Maitre D at Bobs steakhouse (attached to the Omni) was a bit stuffy but thats not their problem. Remember its mainly business people eating or using the bar there so I would avoid.LOCATION:You're in the business district but this does mean the area is well served by espresso bars, jamba juice and diners for workers. Also, a tram stops outide the hotel which is handy.You can walk most places very easily or use your MUNI pass for the transport. ","annotations":[]}