{"text":"A Great Value and Almost Five Stars This was a great find. I researched and researched to find the best deal. I succeeded with the help of this hotel and a European internet booking company. You have to plan when you are going, since I do understand that the rates are typically much higher. I certainly cannot complain about the hotel's holiday rate.The location is superb. It is a block from one of my favorite hotels in Amsterdam and a fraction of the price. There are nice loft-like hotels that can look out onto the canal. Based on the view that our room had, we just wanted to stay and relax in our hotel after a long flight.I will say that there are definitely ways to save in getting to the hotel. First, you can take the train from Schiphol to Central Station. From there, you can take the 1,2, or 5 tram, and you will be about 3 blocks from the hotel. I was very impressed with the local transportation. Be aware that for early morning flights, you may have to walk to the Central Station. The tram does not go out before 6 am. If you do go out, go in groups of 2 or more. It is not the safest to be out in the early morning hours. The police patrol the area, but that may not always be enough. Also, it is about a 20 minute walk from the hotel to the train station.Seeing as there was so much savings and excellent accomodations, why would it not be five stars? There were two things that caused my husband and I to give it 4 stars. There are no alarm clocks and hair dryers in the rooms. Honestly, that seems fairly minimal until you take into effect - jet lag and a morning flight to our final destination. Other suggestions for improvements might be: air conditioning during the summer, affordable breakfast, more info about internet capabilities (TMobile Hot Spot) and wake up calls, and finally, better ways to keep out the colder draft. All in all, I am very impressed. The service is very good. Hopefully, next time I can give it the powerful 5 stars. Until then, I would highly recommend it. It is not luxury, but it is definitely worthwhile.Have fun in Amsterdam! The canal, inexpensive eateries, wonderful archetecture, and museums make it a place to remember. You'll be happy to visit Rembrandt Centrum. ","annotations":[]}