{"text":"Nightmare Experience I booked this hotel in October 2006 through a travel agent as it was for my 40th Birthday and I was going with 6 friends. Needless to say we were all looking forward to our trip to Barcelona immensely. Four of us arrived from Birmingham on a Thursday night approximately 11pm. to be greeted by the hotel porter who informed us that the hotel was full. We explained that we had made and paid for our reservations months ago. He explained that the computer system went down the day before and had lost all bookings. This was quite obviously a lie. He explained that he would have to try and find us a local hotel in the area for the night. He spent one hour on the phone ringing around but to no avail. Eventually he offered us a drink at the closed bar, no other staff in the hotel. He was very rude and adamant that this in fact was no fault of his. Finally at 1am. he contacted a sister hotel and found us two twin rooms, how convenient. We are still wondering why he didn't try them in the first place and it would of saved us two ours of an already stressful night. He explained that we get a taxi to the hotel and back to the original hotel, to keep the receipts and we would be reimbursed and that our rooms would be ready the next morning. The sister hotel was approx. 15mins. away by taxi, when we arrived we were greeted by a friendly receptionist who had our keys ready. We took the lift to the fourth floor where our rooms were and when we got to the floor we founf that there were no lights on in the hallway, once the lift door was shut it was complete darkness. We had to use a mobile phone to find the room number. We came back down for a very well earned drink and explained about the lights, she had to bring us back up with a torch. 4* I don't think so. The next morning we got a taxi back to our original hotel Sansi Diputacio only to find that the rooms would not be ready until 3pm., this was 10am. At this point we have yet to see any of Barcelona, hang up our clothes or get settled. The receptionist then blamed the incident on the travel agency we booked it with which was nonsense. We couldn't understand why there were no rooms ready knowing that cleaning staff started at 7am. only to be told the staff were on a training course. At this point we just could not believe what was happening. We then explained that we needed to be reimbursed for the taxi journey. After much negotiation they agreed to pay for the taxi to the hotel the night before but not for the return journey as it was not company policy. At this point we felt it best to leave the hotel and go for a walk. When we eventually got in to our rooms we were told that we could not open the windows as it was against the law but the only problem was that the air conditioning was not working. The hotel was boiling. I cannot express enough how badly treated we were. I would never recommend this hotel chain to anybody if it was the last place on earth. My birthday celebrations were completely ruined and we never at any stage got an apology. All in all - apalling. ","annotations":[]}