{"text":"There are better options . . . . Unfortunately, while the property was lovely, enough lapses occurred that I cannot recommend vacationing here. We stayed just before Christmas 2006 in a Royal Service Oceanfront Junior Suite. We found our room musty and poorly ventilated. The beach was for walking only, and not for swimming--we had to hire a driver to take us to a nearby beach for that purpose. The enormous pool is gorgeous, but not heated. Two restaurants were open for breakfast and lunch. One, the Mirador, was infested with a number of black birds. Several of them landed on the bread line of the buffet and picked away while we were seated there. The remaining quickly circled our table. The staff did nothing, so we left promptly. We ate the rest of our breakfasts and lunches at the other restaurant, which typically opened 5-10 minutes late.We found the Royal Service not particularly helpful in making reservations. Rather than arrange travel or tennis for us, for example, we were simply directed to queue up at the front desk, concierge, or travel desk. Royal Service did provide a prompt check in and check out, however, and also gave us access to the charming Royal Service Suite as a base of operations. The suite was far less musty than our room, and featured a TV, Internet access, drinks, and a small buffet.Although the hotel boasts that tennis lessons are available at certain times, in fact the staff will simply call local tennis pros to see if one will visit on-site. Nobody was available during our stay, so my daughter didn't receive a lesson.The hotel cancelled one of our restaurant reservations (at Bamboo) just a few hours before we had arranged to arrive. Other restaurants were closed for one or more nights during our stay. I found the food on whole rather undistinguished, with the exception of the fine meal served by the Romantica. The decor of each of the restaurants is quite spartan, and all but the Romantica have what is essentially the same buffet as your appetizer. As buffets go, they are probably above average, but the food was at times underheated. Given the Rain Forest nearby, it was not surprising that the weather was overcast for much of the trip. Scattered showers during the day are apparently very common here. Finally, there was no shortage of mosquitos on site.Overall, not bad, but at this price point superior accommodations are available in this part of the world. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":591,"mention":"bread","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Bread"],"startOffset":586}]}