{"text":"Renovated but issues HiThere have been some great reviews about the renovated Royal Plaza on Scotts. I asked my TA to book me there. She got a rate of AUD 640 for 3 nights with a late check out. BTW RPS charges by the hour for late check outs.I joined IPrefer beforehand as it is their loyalty plan and the website says members receive an upgrade if possible. I was planning on staying again in October.I arrived at 11.00pm and initially they told me that I had to pay for the late check. I showed them the booking details. Then I asked them for the upgrade for IPrefer. That was definitely not forthcoming but they gave me a S$20 voucher for lunch or dinner. You need to ask. However, the restaurant will be closed on Monday as it was their Grand Opening.When I arrived in the room, it was tiny!!. Nothing like the pictures in reviews.By this time it was midnight. I immediately got wireless connection which was great. I then curled up in bed to read my book. Turned the overhead ceiling bed light on and all the lights in room, including the spotlight opposite the bed over the mirror. There are no bedside lamps. There was no way to read without feeling like you were in an interrogation room. Called front desk. They told me to move to other side of the bed and turn that light on. It is impossible to turn that light on unless the master on the other side is on which turns every light in the room on again. If you had a partner sleeping with you, he\/she could not turn the light on to go to the bathroom. He would have to wake you to get you to turn the master on.The hotel engineer came up and checked it. He said that was how all the rooms in the hotel were wired. Duty manager phoned and apologised. Agreed this was a OHS issue. Turned lights off - the noise from trucks below and service kept me awake.Complained the next morning and they moved me up a couple of floors to a regular room. Realised that the initial room abutted the service lift and was two\/thirds size of reg. room. Therefore the wardrobe was at the back of the bathroom and pushed the bed right down to the window.Still have lighting problem. Hotel provided me with a bed lamp which was perfect, but the wiring for the rooms need to be reconfigured.When I checked in they offered me breakfast at S$20 per day (net net) if bought upfront, otherwise it would be S$37.00. I bought the 3 breakfasts which were OK. However, the restaurant is Halal and the last morning I brought my tube of vegemite (Vegetarian yeast extract) and a waiter told me I couldn't eat it as it was Halal. Next time I will eat outside.I had a lot of appointments on the Monday and went across the street for dinner at the Far East Plaza. After doing a bit of shopping I was buggered. Arrived back at the hotel at 7.00pm to be told I couldn't enter as it was the Grand Opening. (Hotel) Guests arrived from the airport, joggers were waiting, A family had a baby who needed to be fed and changed, I needed to call my daughter before she went to bed in Australia. We all had to wait for half an hour while the festivities went on. Finally, the jogger rebelled and they were forced to let us into the hotel so we could get to our rooms. I think it would have been nice to have in someway included the hotel guests in the opening.On the positive side, the minibar is nice, staff tried to resolve issues and the beds are nice. Just insist you are not give Rm 516 or equivalent. I don't think you should get the worst room in the house because you are checking at a late time. I was always able to get a taxi.I ate in the restaurant on the Tuesday night and the food\/buffet was very good. ","annotations":[]}