{"text":"It was alright I stayed at the 414 the 4 days prior to Thanksgiving. I live in London but I am an American and a New Yorker so I decided to treat myself to a stay in Manhattan to do some shopping and see friends. Before going I new this was a BB style hotel and was a walkup which normally is no problem but the week prior to going I twisted my knee so I called and asked to be moved to a lower floor possible the first floor. I was told since I paid a bargain price through a discount site I was not allowed to move below the 3rd floor (out of 4) unless I wanted to pay an extra ~拢30 a night. On top of that the woman who answered the phone also pointed out that if I had a bad knee I shouldn't have reserved a room in a hotel with no lift. If I had planned to twist my knee I would have taken that advice believe me! Since Hotels.com charges your card right away and this call was a few days prior to my going I really didn't have a choice but to stay in this hotel.Upon arrival I checked in and no one offered to help me carry my bags to the third floor when I returned to the desk to ask no one was there. Finally I got my bags up the 2 very steep flights of stairs I walked into the room to be pleasantly surprised by a clean if not sparse room with a beautiful bath and down comforter and pillows. A rather large flat screen TV was on the wall which was nice but there was no dresser into which I could un pack my clothing. There was a bed, 2 nightstands, a desk and chair but no dresser. After finding a luggage rack in the closet I put my bag on that realizing that I would be living out of it for 3 days. The location of this hotel is great for the theatres and restaurants. It is an easy walk to Times Square and any subway.The breakfasts were adequate and there is free internet access on one computer in the lobby. This was fine for me since I only needed to check my email. Overall the stay was ok for the price but I have to say that the customer service is lacking. The young woman that works the day shift on the front desk I found to be rude and extremely un-helpful so after the first couple of encounters I steered clear of her. Being a New Yorker I expect a certain amount of gruffness but this woman should find a new job. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":123,"mention":"New Yorker","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/New_Yorker_Hotel"],"startOffset":113}]}