{"text":"Needs work to be a 4 or 5 star. First time stay in June recommended by a friend with (supposedly) good taste for the high life. Stayed in a Garden Suite. Bathroom does not have a door, they have saloon doors. A one person jacuzzi is also the shower squeezed in with the toilet. Mold around the back part of tub since the water from shower falls and doesn't drain. Mold spots on the shower curtain. Mosquitoes bit me every night, even with OFF!! purchased for $15 US at their store. Beds are hard, no washclothes and maid forgot to give us handtowels two days in a row or fill the tissue box. 10 restaurants yes, but only 4 or 5 are open every day and you are required to make reservations with your assigned concierge every morning, fingers crossed that the system is workning and not slow. Formal wear is required for some restaurants (pants, collar shirts for men). Lunch and breafast are decent buffets. Some restaurants are much better than others, most of the food is bland. They lack spice or look full of flavor but not really. Staff barely smile and seem happy. They are horrible horrible in bringing you drinks, even water, during the buffets. I saw staff every where, but not when I needed a drink, or a spoon. I see the congregate and chat. Never saw any supervisor. Sand is very fine and gets every where! Absolutely NO beverage service on the beach which - in my opinion - removes a star. A lot of lounge chairs are broken due to fat people plotting their asses too hard on the fabric. Metal on chair is too hot to place your arms on the arm rest. Ok to go topless on beach but not observed at pool. Pool is nice and calm with lots of shady areas, but too shallow for it to be cool when it was 90 or 85 out with 100% humidity. Spa is ok. Locker room is VERY small. The hotel uses a combo of golf carts and gas golf Cars to tote you back and forth from the lobby and beach. They claim to be eco friendly but not really if they use disel or cas cars for inner transport. I would not go again and I would not recommend. I went for rest and relaxation. For two days I had convention people encroaching on my beach peace. I did enjoy the beach and pool and it was nice to have food variety included. ","annotations":[]}