{"text":"Definately recommend this hotel... I am just back from a three night stay in this hotel and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I booked the hotel only a few days before going but we still had a lovely room. It was very modern with a mini bar which didn't charge you everytime you moved something which was handy because you could buy your own drinks and put them in the mini bar. Our room was quite small probably because we booked late but it had a lovely window which practically took up the whole of one wall. We were on the third floor at the back of the hotel overlooking houses... being at the back worked out perfectly... it was so quiet even at the weekend... so if you want no noise whatsoever book a room at the back of the hotel. One thing that bugged me was we had no iron or ironing board in the room... I went down to reception and told them and within seconds there was an iron and an ironing board in the room. The air conditioning also was always on I couldn't get it off but it didn't affect us so it was grand. Oh ya one major thingthat I think the hotel could easily rectify is to put a full a full lenght mirror in the room... I found this annoying but at least therewas one in the lift. The bathroom was very small but it was absolutely spotless and the shower was one of the best I have ever used... very powerful. The bathroom products were amazing there was a hairbrush, a comb, a toothbrush kit, a shaving kit, a sponge, an exfoliating pad, soaps and designer shampoo, conditioner and shower gel. Even if you had just used one thing once they gave you another new one the next day. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel does not have a bar or a restaurant but it really doesn't affect you if you are off all day and night and using the hotel just to relax or sleep. It gives you an excuse to find some bars and restaurants around Amsterdam. After seeing alot of the other hotels I had been thinking of staying in I think the Caransa is the best onefor a few reasons... it is modern, spotlessly clean, has great staff,is centrally located, in the best location I think for seeing everything in Amsterdam and it is in a safe area... I felt alot saferwalking around here at night than other areas in the city. Also the tram stop is right outside the hotel which is very handy and very cheap... buy a strip card for 6.80 in a shop it works out cheaper than paying everytime you get on. I would definately recommend a tripto the following Artis Zoo, Anne Frank's House, the Ice Bar and the Aussie bar on Rembrant Square (happy hour every day at 5 - 6pm and 10 -11pm, cocktails are only 3 euro and they are gorgeous). We went to the Sea Palace Chinese Restaurant it is very impressive but to be honest the food isn't great and it is quite expensive for what you get... I wouldn't go back there again. Just be careful in the Red Light District of pick pocketers especially around the lanes... we were followed one day. Overall this hotel is brilliant and located in a perfect location... definately worth a stay and Amsterdam is definately worth visiting. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1435,"mention":"sponge","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sponge_cake"],"startOffset":1429}]}