{"text":"Over rated and worn out This being our second stay in Paris, this time we opted for the quieter Rue Cler neighborhood based on reviews from this website and recommendations from a guide book. The hotel is rated 3-stars but don't let that confuse you with quality. They advertise a free breakfast if you mention the guide book, but don't expect too much.As soon as we walked into the lobby, we were disappointed to note the rather worn and dirty carpet. Once up in our room, we noticed the carpet had not been vacuumed there either. The furniture looks like it has seen its share of travelers. It is mismatched and badly beaten furniture. We were afraid to sit on the ottoman at the foot of the bed, the legs were so bent in they looked like they would cave in from our weight. The two chairs in our room were just as bad with the framing making them very uncomfortable to sit in. The towels were nice and clean, but badly frayed.We had mixed results with the receptionists. One receptionist when asked about a Paris map, couldn't find one for us. When asked again about tours of Paris, he was unable to find any information for us. A couple of nights later, we had a new receptionist who was very helpful. When we told him about our previous requests to his co-worker, he was like a magician and pulled out maps and several Paris tour books for our use.And to our surprise, one evening on returning from a day of sight seeing, the lobby carpet had been cleaned during our absence. But the funny thing is, the travel guide who I have mentioned above, just happened to be in Paris while we were there and his associates were doing inspections and updating their travel guide books for next year.However, we did have a spectacular view of the Eiffel Tower from our room.My recommendation is to pay more for a room elsewhere and buy a croissant at the local patisserie. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1840,"mention":"croissant","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Croissant"],"startOffset":1831}]}