{"text":"No bravo for Bavaro My husband and I stayed here for the week of Thanksgiving with friends. We have traveled many times to Mexico and Jamiaca. We have had much better experiences there.I will try to be a simple as I can.DR: Like any other island. Iberostar: Really disapointed me. I have been to others, and they were so nice. This one was awful.Beach: Great. This is the one shining spot for this resort. Lots of huts, good sand and surf. Green waters. Water was warm.Pool: Only one, lots of kids crowding it up. Closes at 7. Water temp. was ok.Restaurants: The Cajun was great. All the others so, so. Buffets NEVER changed, same stuff every day. Got really boring. Not a lot of selection.Service: Worst service I have ever had in my life. For what you pay for the resort, the least they could do was make sure that your glasses are filled. Many times we had to fill our own glasses. Also, even though we are in their country, it would be nice if the resort had people that understood more stuff, like Coca-Cola. Sometimes instead of Coke I got O.J. or whatever (that's when they actually got our drinks!).Bars: Not good. Drinks weren't good, alcohol was cheap. Service here was awful too. Seems that the wait staff could care less if you get a drink, or get what you order. They want the Americans to tip, I heard that tipping is strictly an American thing, but they don't want to do anything to get it.Entertainment: The worst I have ever seen. Put me to sleep. I tried it every night, and it was never any good.Check in\/out: Very good. No problems.Room: OK. Cleaning was great.Flight: TAKE A CHARTER! We did and had a much shorter trip then those who didn't. Great service and flight on USA 3000.Excursions: Friends did the safari with Apple. Said it was great. We did the snorkeling with Marinarium (spelling???) it was awful. Snorkeling wasn't any good, and if you do go and they tell you you do not need fins, they are lying!!! Unless you are part dolphin. Mostly was just a party boat ride. Not worth my money. Bus ride: Ok.Other: Don't drink the water. Our Apple rep. told us this when we got there, I think that it was wise. It stays pretty warm there all year long, so keep that in mind. Lots of construction\/remodeling being done. Casino was tiny. Internet was a long hike away. Spa was good. Must make reservations to use the jacuzzis!!! Would not go back. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1012,"mention":"Coca-Cola","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coca-Cola"],"startOffset":1003}]}