{"text":"Beautiful Resort - BUT...... We based our choice on which resort to stay at based on other reviews we had read from previous Tripadvisors and I must say that most people were right on the money. We stayed at Excellence from March 24th - 31st 2007The resort is absolutely beautiful and is kept immaculate by a very hard working staff. I've never stayed anywhere where a staff worked as hard as the employees at Excellence, Punta Cana. I know other reviewers singled out certain staff members, but I prefer to simply applaud them all.One drawback for my husband and myself was the very strict dress code at evening restaurants. We do not go on vacation in order to dress up every night to eat. We prefer a more laid back atmosphere where shorts are allowed (with a shirt with a collar my husband looks better than some men who were allowed in restaurants with torn\/dirty jeans). You also need to know that the dress code also applys to the Martini Bar located inside the lobby....we found it very difficult to get served. The resort could also add some much needed barstools to the bar since it runs almost the entire length of the room and only seats approx. 12 people.We stayed in Room 7207 and had wonderful views of both the ocean and the pool. The maid service was outstanding! We never had to wait long to get our room cleaned for the day. Great bed, we had no problem sleeping at all and the jackuzi in the room was awesome!You would be well served to reserve your favorite palapa or pool lounger  floatie early in the AM. At first it seemed like there were plenty for everyone, but we quickly found out that people put their towels on pool lounges and a palapa and also a beach hut!The food was definitely not what we are used to getting in the US, but hey...open your eyes and look around at what the Dominicans eat every day and count your blessings that you live in the USA. We opted for Room Service (which is available all the time) for 99% of our meals simply because of the dress code. I could rave on and on about the room service meals, they were excellente! Try the Fettucini Alfredo it's awesome as is the Turkey Sandwich and the burger. Our meals were delivered very Hot and always sooner than the time alloted when ordered. We enjoyed dining on our balcony at night.The beach is beautiful and well maintained. There is a tremendous undertow due to the high winds that blow constantly. The Red Flags were up our entire stay. We did go in the water, but if you are not used to the conditions you could be in trouble. While they do not have a lifeguard there is someone on the beach who will blow the whistle if he thinks you are out too far from the shore. There are NO wave runners, parasailing or fly by advertising airplanes to ruin an otherwise peaceful day. It's not the place to go if you are looking for lots of action things to do.Mosquitos.......while I did take some repellant, I only saw one mosquito the whole time I was there, but once I got home I'm covered in mosquito bites...so be wary of them.Overall, a very good experience. If you are willing to dress up for dinner you will have an exceptional vacation at Excellence Punta Cana. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2138,"mention":"Sandwich","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich"],"startOffset":2130},{"endOffset":2153,"mention":"burger","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Hamburger"],"startOffset":2147}]}