{"text":"Amazing hotel Just returned from spending the last 3 nights of a 7 night stay in Bali and cannot say enough great things about it. We were luckily enough to get upgraded to an ocean view cliff villa which was several levels higher than the deluxe ocean view room we booked. It was 4,000 SF with a gorgeous view of the Indian Ocean, a massive living room, bedroom and bathroom. Our own private pool and resting area were out back. The bathroom had a separate soaking tub, walk in shower with rainfall showerhead with the same amazing view of the ocean. The hotel itself is isolated up on the cliffs of Jimbaran, and the grounds are massive with several different bars and restaurants to explore. If you are going to Bali to explore different parts of the island and see the sights, stay somewhere else for that part because once you get to the Ritz you'll never want to leave! It worked out well for us because we stayed in Sanur for the first part of our holiday and then treated ourselves to the Ritz at the end. We did eat any dinners at the Ritz as we took taxis into Kuta or Seminyak for meals and bars. As you would expect at any Ritz, the service was unbelievable. You have your own butlers that will take care of anything you need at any time of the day. They remember what you ordered for lunch and will serve it to you while in your private pool. We had a breakfast buffet included everyday which had a great selection of all types of breakfast foods and also had drinks at the Martini Bar one night before going out. They know you by name after the first day and buggies are available to take you from your villa to the various pools and restaurants (the grounds are too big and hilly to walk on your own, depending on where your room is). We felt the best pool area and hot tub was the Villa Pool. We had no problems getting a taxi or driver when needed. They were very accomodating holding our bags and giving us the Spa facilities to use while after we checked out and while waiting for our nightime flight. We were lucky enough to get the gorgeous villa at a significantly lower rate, so if you're able to save up enough to afford it, or you can afford it, I would highly recommend it! I'm not a frequent Ritz Carlton guest, so it was quite the treat for me. ","annotations":[]}