{"text":"Hotel bought out, changed for the worse I previously wrote a review of the Best Western Americania, and since then, have stayed at this hotel several more times with my family. Our last stay was in June and I have to revise my review based on the recent changes.The lady who was working explained that they were just bought out by another company. Usually, when this happens, the new management makes changes for the better, but in this case it is clear that their changes are cost saving measures.The significant changes:1. The complimentary hourly shuttle that used to run from the hotel to and from Union Square is no longer in service. (This was probably the best reason to stay...it was convenient to get to Union Square without paying the high price of staying at a hotel right in Union Square.)2. The advertised free internet wireless throughout the hotel doesn't work unless you sit right in the lobby across from the front desk.The positive aspect of this hotel is that the rooms are fairly spacious, clean and well kept. Although parking is $15\/day, it is valet and very convenient. Other things to keep in mind: As other guests have noted, it is in a somewhat shady area of town. It's not dangerous during the daytime, but it's common to see the homeless walk by the hotel. Continental breakfast is available but not complimentary, and there are very limited dining options in the immediate area (the hotel restaurant is closed indefinitely for renovation). The walls are very thin and you can hear through the walls easily. (On our second to last stay, we were rudely awakened by the loud noises of a couple doing the nasty 3 different times at all hours of the night. We called the front desk to complain and they never did anything. This made the hotel seem even more trashy.) Hopefully, the new management will restore some of the perks such as the free shuttle to Union Square, but in the meantime, our family will be looking for another place to stay in SF. ","annotations":[]}