{"text":"Fantastic hotel - but watch out for a few things We stayed for 5 nights at the Kahala. We wanted to stay at a hotel outside the hub bub of downtown. First the view and setting is magnificent. Having breakfast right on the ocean and with dolphins to greet us every morning is something we will never forget. Yes, the Kahala has their very own dolphin lagoon. The buffet breakfast is great with lots of options - our breakfast buffet was included in our room price. The rooms are spacious and clean. One tip, if you are traveling with someone else, ask for a room that has the large bathroom with the double sinks. You won't be disappointed, it's a fantastic bathroom with his and hers sides. The staff is friendly. There are two things you should be mindful of before you go. As stated in their confirmation sheet when you book, room numbers and bed sizes are not guaranteed. When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that no King beds were available that we requested. We were so tired from our flight we said, what the hell and took the double bed they said was available. The double beds are very, very small. After one night of being kicked by my husband accidentally in bed, we demanded a room with a King bed. At a 5 star resort, I shouldn't have to demand this and due to this inconvenience, the hotel did not offer anything in return ( a free drink coupon, etc...). If getting the right size bed is a must, you may be in for a surprise when you get to the front desk. The front desk did take a few hours to find us a new room with a King bed. 2nd, during our 5 days there, renovations were taking place and drilling started for installing soundproofing in rooms starting at 8 am. Yes, 8 am. Although the guests were notified by phone and by written memo of this issue, it was still annoying to all guests. I realize the Kahala can't shut down completely. Before you book, you may want to find out if the renovations have been completed. Even with the issues we encountered, I still believe this is a great hotel if you want to get away from it all and not be near touristy Waikiki. ","annotations":[]}