{"text":"Great for no-frills travelers on a budget My husband and I stayed at The College Inn while visiting Seattle for 6 days in April 2007. We already knew that it was a dorm-style establishment with a shared bathroom down the hall, so we came prepared with our own robes and shower shoes.Our major problem with the Inn was that my husband had been told when he made the reservation that it would be possible to check in before 3 p.m. The website states that no one is in the office until then and the front door is locked; visitors must be buzzed in to check in and are then given a key to the front door. As I said, we were told that they could make arrangements for us to check in early. We arrived at the Inn around 12:30 p.m., luggage in tow and exhausted, only to find that no one was there. We tried buzzing and calling but there was no answer. We drug our luggage into the tiny cafe downstairs and had a bite to eat and then sat on a bench for a while until we saw someone inside the entryway to the Inn. Lucky for us that we saw them, as we were allowed to stow our luggage in the office for a few hours, but we still couldn't check in until 3 p.m. I understand that that is their stated policy, but they should not have told us that we could get in earlier if it wasn't true. So be warned, do not expect to get into the building before 3 p.m., no matter what they tell you!!!My only other gripes with the Inn were minor. While there was a small chest of drawers in our room, there were very few hangers and no closet. They could definitely stand to have some more hangers available. Also, there is one shared ironing board and iron that is kept upstairs; you have to go up to the 4th floor lounge\/office and ask for it. The iron was ancient and completely empty.The room itself, however, was fine. The bed was no more or less comfortable than any other standard hotel bed. The sink in the room was definitely helpful, since the bathroom down the hall could get a little crowded depending on the time of day. The continental breakfast was great, definitely better than any standard breakfast at a major hotel chain. And from what I saw, the staff was very helpful in assisting travelers navigate their way around the city or suggesting things to see. We heard other travelers complaining about noise, but we didn't experience any of the problems with loud neighbors or noise from the pub downstairs.For our needs, the College Inn served us well. For anyone on a budget just looking for a decent place to sleep (and get a nice breakfast), I would definitely recommend this place. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2528,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2524}]}