{"text":"Brilliant relaxing holiday We returned from the Sirenis Cocotal on the 12th June after having an amazing holiday.The hotel facilities were spotlessly clean and well presented, the gardens immaculate and a pleasure to walk through. The pool area was clean with plenty of sun beds available as was the beach. The sea was warm, clear and very pleasant to swim in or just to sit in, it would be safe for children.The service in the hotel and attitude of staff was the best we have experienced, you were always greeted with an ola (hello) from everyone. The bar staff were friendly and always cheerful, all the cocktails are available on the all inclusive so you can go through the full list!For the food, the variety available was exceptional from the buffet to the carvery, cooked to order omlettes and pasta. However if that wasn't enough you could book in for no extra cost at the Chineese, Italian, Mexican, Steak house or Vegetarian and have table service.The entertainment staff were enthusiastic at all times and the shows a pleasure a watch with a variety of day time activities which you could join in, however if you didn't want to participate you could be left alone without any problems.We were only there for a week and the weather was fine for most of the time - the odd cloudy, rainy afternoon but we came back with a glowing tan. During this time we only did the Caribean boat trip which was snorkelling looking at the fish then snorkelling with rays and sharks, again the staff on the boat were fantastic and the guys that went in the water as guides were brilliant. I am not as confident in water as my husband but the guide was so patient and helpful I was able to see and feed a variety of colourful fish.In the rooms we had a fridge which was always filled back up with non-alcholic drinks  bottled water and we had TV with English channels\/films. The rooms could do with a little work to them but they were still pleasant, clean and spacious. There was some work going off in some of the empty blocks but you were not disturbed by this in any way, though apparently the first two weeks in June are their quiet weeks hence the work. All in all we had a really good relaxing week, we would go back again without hesitation, even with the long flight it was well worth it. As an extra note AIrtours were very helpful on the phone when booking and the rep was always available on his allocated times in the hotel and he was very informative (but not pushy for the trips - so go to the welcome talk). ","annotations":[{"endOffset":805,"mention":"pasta","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pasta"],"startOffset":800}]}