{"text":"Great 2 weeks I am from Perth, australia and we just returned from 2 weeks at Shinjuku New City Hotel. I stayed with my 12yo and 7yo. It was brilliant. We had a triple room, which i thought was a great size, service was excellent, it was no fuss. I took my laptop and used their internet connection kit - i used the internet to stay in touch with home and to plan our next day's activities and work out the trains etc. it was great. the internet was free. there are some computers at reception for public use.There are many convenience stores in the area - say 4 within a couple of hundred metres of the hotel. You can buy nearly everything at these stores - meals included - they will heat them up for you if you need to. There are at least 2 McDonalds (i did have a 7yo boy...) within very easy walking and many, many eating places close by.The Park across the road is excellent and we spent a bit of time there too. totally safe and many, many local families used the park. The stray cats with mangled tails did catch our attention tho...Homeless people - some people have commented on this - they are absolutely no problem at all, they do not look at you, they keep to themselves and do not interact. we found them harmless and fascinating (yet sad) - they are a part of Tokyo - all over Tokyo, not just in this suburb.Coin Laundry!!!!! - we had to ask reception a couple of times - but they came through with a map and it was within 2MINUTES walking from the hotel. 24 hour coin laundry. it was great.Shuttle bus - absolutely brililant - we used it every day, we found it easy to find and always on time. We also walked to and from shinjuku station all the time - at all hours of the day. There was absolutely no question of ever feeling unsafe - remember i was with 2 kids also - the latest we walked home from 11.30 at night though - to most japanese people this isnt regarded as 'night time'.Taxis - there are taxis everywhere! They do not speak english and will need you to point to a map or have an address written in Kanji.Smoking - for a supposedly non smoking floor - no one obeys this rule. it did bother us a fair bit that we could smell the people from the next room. we foudn that most rooms around us were business people staying for 1 night.We found that the guests were mostly Japanese people - either touring in their own country, large school groups or business people. Some foreignors - but not many. Our room did not have a view - we looked out onto the next apartment building. this didnt worry us at all. The building is being renovated and the outside of the front of it has netting over it so at the moment - the views wouldnt be great.Daily cleaning - the state of the room was very clean. You are expected to be out of your room by 930 or 10am every day while the cleaners do all rooms on 1 floor. sometimes this bothered us as we could never sleep in - but then again it got us up and moving. We could have always put a Do not disturb sign up, but we just used the reason to get out for the day.the bathroom is a small 'unit' with a shower over a bath with a toilet and basin. Totally usable and great.The pillows - some people have commented on these. Ours were half and half - half western style on 1 side and if you turned it over you got the rice husk side. You could choose.The beds were wonderful and made up each day with clean sheets.Food - we didnt have breakfast included and we never ate at the restaurant so i cannot comment.I hope this has helped some people, especially those with families. I would choose this place again. It is a business hotel - meaning you dont get the gloss and glitter, just good basic services as a good price. that is what i wanted.Leisa from Perth, WA ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3106,"mention":"basin","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Basin_Harbor_Club"],"startOffset":3101}]}