{"text":"Great Staff at Good, Small Hotel Spent 8 nights at this hotel and must say that the staff is remarkable. Dealt with many of them and everyone was willing to help with any request and never made me feel like I was imposing. In fact, when I had a problem with my room they had the owner\/director respond to me personally and his response was courteous, professional and more than satisfactory.If you do want to eat at the hotel I would recommend the a la carte menu for breakfast as a better buy than the continental breakfast.As someone who wants to see the city all day but then be able to sleep at night, this hotel was ideally located in an extremely quiet neighborhood. If you want nightlife, you can find it elsewhere, but come back to the Varenne for a peaceful night's sleep. But if you like to sleep with your windows open as I do, be warned that like most European hotels there are no screens and we did battle mosquitoes a couple of nights.The size of the room was servicable and the bathroom was very big by any standard. The bathroom could have used a little sprucing up; some cracks\/peeling in the paint due to the steam from the shower (no shower curtain or enclosure). The housekeeping service was attentive with one exception - had to ask for more soap and shampoo; they weren't replaced as a matter of form.The Paris metro is sensational and the hotel is located very close to the Varenne metro stop. Also an incredibly short walk to the Rodin Museum. We even walked to the Eiffel Tower more than once.As for dining, you can take Rue Grenelle over toward the Eiffel Tower to find several wonderful options starting at Boulevard de la Tour Marbourg and beyond, which we did practically every night.Right on the same street as the hotel, just a few steps away are a bank, small supermarket, fresh fruit stand, bakery, dry cleaner and pharmacy and around the corner is a post office - all your needs are covered.I think it added immensely to stay at this small, boutique style hotel than a major chain. I would recommend the Varenne and would stay there again. ","annotations":[]}