{"text":"Relax  My husband 38  I 35 stayed the week of Aug 27th and had a fantastic time! We choose the Royal Service (RS) and enjoyed the little extras. Tip for RS customers when you arrive at the resort there will be 2 pedestals, 1 for VIP the other for RS guests. Just find your name and point to it. A phone call will be made and you and your luggage are on your way to the Royal Service air conditioned check in. If you have not opted for the RS the bellman will send you to the lobby check in, unknown after that. After a quick check in (RS spoke English very well) your butler will give you a tour of the grounds on a golf cart and take you to your room with your luggage in tow. We were in bldg 19 with a beautiful ocean view room w\/ wrap around porch. We had fresh fruit and a bottle of champagne waiting for us along with 2 bath robes. The room was very clean and did not have any odors. We did have the occasional little ant in the bathroom, but nothing to complain about or need bugspray for. We did not have a problem with water pressure or any electrical outages. We had a safe in the room and a remote for the TV and no complaints about the room. We left the maid $5\/day and were left little token gifts daily. If we wanted water or beer or juice we just left a hand written note in Spanish for her and it was delivered by the 12 pack! For the food, we did not feel that being a RS patron got us any better service. Reason, all restaurants treated everyone the same as though they were the only ones there. Food was fine and neither of us got sick. Depending on the bartender the drinks could be strong. We didn't mind but if you do just ask and they will be happy to cut back on the alcohol. The RS pool and beach are beautiful and had plenty of chairs and beds. We did not reserve with a towel as others do and had no problem finding a space in the sun or shade. You can see the beach from the RS pool unlike the regular pool (which is very large and plenty of chairs but no view of the ocean). There was always parasailing or something going on at all times on the beach. The water was rough (not rough enough to stay out of) due to Ernesto as it is normally calm. Vendors never bothered us or did the time share people mentioned by other reviews. The shows were very entertaining and everyone could relate to the themes. Do bring bug repellant as it is a tropical enviornment and mosquitos are around whether this hotel or another. Check out works the same as check in, very smooth and quick for RS customers. We did not see many families with small children (under age of 15). Great trip and we will go back in the future. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":737,"mention":"wrap","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Sandwich_wrap"],"startOffset":733}]}