{"text":"Outstanding Service, Beautifully Renovated Hotel My husband and I just got back from a few days at the Condado Plaza, and we had a wonderful time. The place is beautiful - well designed and decorated, and absolutely spotless throughout. The new lobby is now open, and we never had to wait more than a minute for an elevator.I can't say enough about the service at this hotel. As should be obvious from all of Henry's responses on this site, the staff really wants to do everything they can to make your stay wonderful. My husband was attending a conference and had to arrange a couple of business lunches. Everyone in the restaurant bent over backwards to ensure that they had everything they needed without being intrusive. They made my husband look like quite the captain of industry!The location of the hotel is good, within walking distance to a few restaurants and a short cab ride to Isla Verde and Old San Juan. There were always plenty of cabs lined up in front of the property. We ended up eating at the Italian restaurant at the hotel one night because we were exhausted from sightseeing, and the food and service were excellent. This hotel has the best margaritas I've had anywhere. Travelers should be aware, though, that this is not the best place to go if they're looking for a great beach. The hotel is on the ocean, but most of the shore is rocky, not sand. There is a small beach on a protected cove, so there are no waves. The locals seemed to bring their small children there, so it was fairly crowded for such a small beach. The pools, on the other hand, were beautiful and uncrowded.We had an oceanfront room. It was fairly large, and had a great view and a completely private balcony. The bathroom was enormous. However, as others have observed, the sliding frosted glass doors to the bathroom did not provide a great deal of privacy. There was also a fair amount of noise from the hallway and from the room adjoining ours. Neither was a problem for us at night, but if you had obnoxious neighbors I could see this being an issue.Overall, this is a great place for business travelers or those looking for a central location from which to explore the island. It is not the place for those looking for long walks on the beach or swims in the ocean. ","annotations":[]}