{"text":"Clean, stylish and in a great location, but a few problems Sorry for the late review...I was a little put off by the rave reviews.I reserved 7 nights via expedia.com, as the site offered a book-7-nights-and-pay-for-5-nights deal. Paying about $66\/night was a great deal, considering the location. Staff was friendly, continental breakfast items were basic but abundant (we had to take it back to our room because they do not provide an eating area...no biggie), and we snagged a few extra items to snack on during our days. For the price I paid, I think got the smallest room available. I did see other rooms as housekeeping were making rounds, and I envied the larger spaces. Oh well, right? It was only me and my husband. The room was really clean, it had a nice large flat screen tv and mini bar\/fridge which we used extra space to stash drinks and leftovers.Here come the however's...-There was no fan in the bathroom and its window was painted shut, so it was really stuffy. -The air conditioning made strange sounds when we tried to turn it on, so we didn't bother.-There was no screen in the window, and we had to keep the window open the whole time for some circulation, so we had to accept any spiders and other crawlies that wanted to cohabitate with us. Hoped the big pull-down shade and curtains could help.-Despite our location and knowing that there would be street noise, there was another unidentified and strange noise coming from outside our window, which didn't face the street, the first night that kept us up (maybe another malfunctioning air conditioner?) We would have asked for another room if it continued through the night, but we end up falling asleep because we were exhausted.-The one elevator in the hotel didn't work for one day, which was one day when we really needed it. Being on the top (5th) floor, my legs were screaming for mercy after the last trip up to the room.We're not picky people, and we've stayed in worse places, so we never complained. There are a lot of good things about this hotel, but considering the things that didn't work but should because they offer it (elevator, air con), I would probably stay somewhere else next time. I'd give up a little style for a bit of comfort after a long hot day. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2227,"mention":"comfort","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Southern_Comfort"],"startOffset":2220}]}