{"text":"Amazing Incredible Place!!! We chose Excellence for our honeymoon getaway based on the reviews here and that it was an Adults only all inclusive resort... and we couldn't be more thrilled!! the resort is large, but not overwhelmingly... perfect balance of entertainment and romance... the ambiance is one of pure romance and relaxation - highly recommended if those are your goals for a retreat! the place is very clean, the air even smells sweet (!), the food is by far amazing (better than we expected), and the staff is highly professional... in fact what impressed us the most is the genuine friendliest of the Dominican people that work at the resort! everyone is super friendly and very helpful! even the ones that couldn't speak English fluently worked there magic with a big smile... you can spend your days lounging by the pool or on the beach sipping their special tropical rum drinks (my favorite, the 'cocoloco' - a fresh opened coconut with cream  rum!), going on excursions (such as horseback riding or riding on avi's to the mountains, etc.), or dining in one of many amazing restaurants... we didn't try the casino - it looked pretty small, but seemed quite popular!.... and, the nightlife is quite diverse: from nightly shows in the main stage of the lobby area - which is beautiful and so spacious; candlelight, two bars, plenty of comfy seats to lounge in; and you can feel the ocean breeze throughout - to checkin out the night club where you can dance all night - to taking a walk on the beach or lounging on a hammock - to enjoying a fresh beach bbq on the beach prepared by the resort.... the list is endless of what you can do.... and, may i not forget to mention the SPA!! great massages!! so, all this being said, we were just extremely thrilled from our experience at Excellence! a big shout out to some of the staff that we remember: Matthias at the concierge desk, Carlos who helped us with our bags and gave us a huge greeting every day, Juan Carlos - one of the talented entertainers with a sweet smile... finally, two our two friends who we named Bob  Barbara - the two parrots that hang out in the garden in front.... what an amazing vacation away from it all!!! a true paradise! it really was 'excellente'. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1452,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":1448}]}