{"text":"great beach  You really do get what you pay for.......THE GOOD- it is cheap! children are very welcomed. We are a mid 30's couple with a 10 month old. The staff was very friendly and went out of their way for us and our little one. The day care, from what we saw, was great. Every night they put on a show. Ours was too young for their programs but every 3 to 10 year looked liked they had a blast.Beach was beautiful. Rooms and grounds very clean though had a septic smell. Pools were clean, plenty of chairs.THE BAD- THE FOOD WAS HORRIBLE!!!!!! I do not know how any grown adult could say it was good. Both myself and wife are in hospitality business, have both traveled, and have never encountered such poor quality. Not only is it bad but it is left out in open areas. Lots of bugs also dine with you. Specialty restaraunts are simply items from buffet dressed up and served to you. Drinks are were also poor. The top shelf alcohol is an imposter. I have drank stoli vodka for 15 years and I will tell you what we were served was not even close. We had an issue with an intramuscular needle discovered in our mini fridge on the 4th day. It was hidden between two removable trays in the unit. Management avoided me and stuck a poor english speaking person from the guest desk to investigate the contents of the used needle. We were scared to death, we had baby formula and her food in this refrigerator that barely worked. We had no apology and was only told us it was under investigation. I took the needle home to boston to run the proper tests. Probaly won't happen to you but ruined the 2nd half of our trip. Bottom line- they could have cared less and made me feel like a complainer about finding medical waste where I thought we coul safely store our baby's food. SUMMARY- Great for kids and for those who don't care about what they eat. Be carefull, on our 5th day I had the mantazumas revenge worse then I can remember. Also a very bad rash. There is also a language barrier. Even front desk and guest services people don't speak english decently. This place is very much geared towards europeans- lots of smoke- everywhere. nudity on beaches- not a big deal to us- There are many places to stay and from the other resorts we saw, the dominica was a 3star at best. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":970,"mention":"stoli","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Stolichnaya"],"startOffset":965}]}