{"text":"Outstanding hotel We stayed at the Chancellor for six nights during the San Francisco leg of our honeymoon trip. I chose it after seeing the great reviews it had on Trip Advisor, and can only say that it is thoroughly deserving of the praise it has received on here.We stayed in room 1205, up on the twelfth floor, and had lovely views of Union Square and Macy's. Although I had told them in advance we would be arriving in the evening, about 9pm, I was still a little worried that they might have forgotten and given our room away; this ended up being totally unfounded, as the reservations and front desk staff were very efficient and had everything noted down perfectly. They had even noted it was our honeymoon, and congratulated us when we checked in, and we had a lovely little gift waiting for us in our room from them, which was wonderful. The hotel is very swish, with a pleasant lobby and bar area with marble floors. Our room was great, spotlessly clean, with a lovely comfortable bed. The cleaning staff were great, as we'd sometimes only go out for a couple of hours late morning, and by the time we came back the room had always been made up. The staff on the front desk were really helpful, warm and knowledgeable about the local area. The hotel's location is also really good, as you are very close to all the shops of Union Square, and you can easily get to buses and the metro for travel around the city. Union Square is very touristy, so we were pleased to get away to some of the other parts when we weren't shopping.There was no air conditioning in the room, but with the ceiling fan we had no problems with temperature at all - although it was quite foggy while we were there, so was never that hot outside. We also had no problems with noise in the room; you were too high to be disturbed by any street noise, and you could only hear people outside your room as much as you would in any hotel.I really liked my stay here, and was very very pleased that I chose the Chancellor. I wasn't sure if you were meant to take the cute rubber ducky home with you from the bathroom, but I did, and he is now a nice reminder of our lovely stay there in my bathroom at home.I would definitely recommend this hotel, and it would be my first choice for any future trip to San Francisco. It is well deserving of its rank on here, and is also a lot cheaper than many of the hotels with similar ratings.Thank you Chancellor Hotel! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2126,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2122}]}