{"text":"2nd Stay wasn't that great.... My husband and I spent two nights at the Hotel Adagio this past weekend, after having a really nice one night stay late last year. We were planning to visit their tapas restaurant Cortez this time, but it was closed due to some sort of major underground plumbing issue. Our room was nice enough, 6th floor, view facing a brick wall on the back side of the building (it sounds boring, but was nice and quiet with very little street noise). We like the Hotel Adagio for the modern decor, bathroom supplies, bed, cleanliness, etc. Everything was fine until Saturday morning. There didn't seem to be any hot water, even after running the tap for awhile (sometimes older buildings have issues, so I was being optimistic). Anyhow, we finally decided that there wouldn't be any hot water, so we called the front desk. They told us that it was a problem with the water pump and someone was working on it, but had no idea when it would be fixed. The person on the phone didn't seem very interested in explaining the problem to me, or very concerned either. Eventually, after a few hours the hot water was back. But not for long.....We got back to the hotel from an afternoon of shopping, wanting to freshen up before dinner and found that there wasn't any hot water again. We called the front desk and they told us there was still a problem with the water pump and it was being looked at again. Again, they didn't seem too concerned or apologetic which we found really annoying. We never did get any hot water and had to suffer with ice cold water (not fun!). Sunday was a little better, one out of two of us had a hot shower which was an improvement. We were never offered any kind of 'perk' for the inconvenience, just a half-hearted sorry about that. We weren't expecting to be comped for the two night stay, but perhaps a voucher for a future discount, or maybe comped parking. Most of the staff was pretty indifferent to the problem, and we were really disappointed at their attitude.Anyhow, in the future we will not be choosing the Hotel Adagio, opting for another of the many boutique hotels in SF. ","annotations":[]}