{"text":"Great Location For New Year's Eve! We stayed at this hotel in December for 7 nights. My husband is a Diamond Gold Passport member, so we used his points to get 2 rooms for the week. When we arrived, we were greeted by the door man, who was very nice! The woman who checked us in was great and even came to our rooms to show us around. She also included 2 Continental Breakfasts per room at no charge (a $160.00 AUD per day value) which we greatly appreciated.The rooms we had were on the first floor. For the Hyatt points the only choice was the City\/Harbour views,which are beautiful, but one of our rooms also had a great view of the Opera House as well. The rooms are good sized with a large bathroom, and nicely decorated. As I was unpacking, I noticed the glass on the table next to the bed was VERY DIRTY with glass stains as well as some kind of sticky substance. This was also the case on the table next to the chair by the mirror, although this one was much dirtier! I cleaned the night stand table, but for curiosity, decided to not clean the table next to the chair. I wanted to see if the housekeeper in the morning cleaned it.. To our surprise she did not. This went on for several days. I told my family that the first housekeeper to clean this table we would give a $20 tip as well as inform the management of what a good employee this person was. Unfortunately, after 5 nights, no one did and my daughter could not take it any longer, so she cleaned it herself because she did not want it dirty when we celebrated New Year's Eve that night.The room service was great and the continental breakfast had a decent variety. The staff in the restaurant was hit and miss, however, there was one that especially terrific! We were lucky to get him as our waiter on New Years Eve Dinner!Also, one of the managers in the morning was great!We tried twice to have dinner at the hotel (not including New Years Eve), but one night no one would even acknowlege us (even after standing there for over 10 miuntes).On the night of the first of January, a nice woman greeted us . She told us that she did not have room in the restaurant, but if we did not mind waiting, we could have dinner in the bar. She told us to talk with the gentleman with dark black glassest there (she told us his name, but I can't remember it except that it started with a F). We approached him and when I repeated what she said, he RUDELY told us he had no room for us and tried to get us away from his area. On both of those nights we went to a nearby places to eat, which were EXCELLENT! Most dinners for five ran around $200AUD, but since the food was good, we did not mind spending the money.My daughter got sick one night and we called the hotel doctor. He recommended us to take her to a hospital called St Vincent. The only problem was that the hospital he told us to take her was for adults only (my husband told him she was ten years old). The hotel staff at the front desk, the door greeters, and the concierge were GREAT! Nicole the New Years Eve planner was wonderful!If you are in Sydney for New Years Eve, this is DEFINITELY the place to stay. The location is great!! We had dinner in the restaurant, which by the way was fantastic! After dinner we wanted to watch the 9pm fireworks, but were worried about the crowds, because the Rocks where the hotel is located is one of the best areas to see the fireworks. To our great surprise, the hotel blocks off the area in front of it to only hotel guests or people having dinner there. We had a fantastic view of the fireworks. It is so hard to describe how beautiful the fireworks were, especially the ones at midnightl. From the hotel, we were able to see the fireworks over Sydney Harbour Bridge, the Opera House, as well as fireworks coming from what appeared out of the buildings in downtown Sydney. If we came back here, I would stay for New Years whether we used Hyatt points or had to pay, because the experience is well worth it.If it were not for the POOR HOUSEKEEPING and INCONSISTENT RESTAURANT STAFF I would give this hotel a 5 star! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2056,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2052}]}