{"text":"Great place to relax My wife and I went to Punta Cana for our 20th anniversary. We had a great time at the resort however the flight there and back had it's problems. We flew US Airways and had a terrible experiance. Our luggage was lost on the way down and we did not get it until the following day. We tried to buy some clothes to wear at the resort but did not find much of a selection. We were able to find some swimwear and sandals at a store on the beach. The resort itself is beutiful. November is a slow month as there were not many people there. Room: We were in room 2063. I recommend this room. King size bed, marble countertops, and very clean. The refridgerator kinda small but was stocked daily. We never met our maid Elsa, but she did a good job. We did leave her a few notes in spanish (the reort gives you a book of translated phrases). We did have some small ants in the bathroom when she would leave us flowers. The TV was small and reception was not very good. Cable went out the night before we left and was still out the next day. The toilet does not have enough power, enough said about that. Food: The food was OK. We ate at the buffet only at breakfast. It was mostly European style. You can have fresh omelettes made. Since we only there for 4 nights, we did not eat at every restraunt. The Japanese was good. the French was outstanding (try the filet, best I've had in quite awhile). Brazillian was OK. All the meet is served off a skewer. All the deserts that we tried looked good but did not taste that great. Room service was good. It took about 30 minutes to be delivered. All in all the food was good. It's a 3rd world country, and things are not going to taste like food in the states. Avoid the pizza. Something I was not aware of is that the resort serves top shelk liquor. I took Mr Daniles with me and didnt have to touch him The had Jack, Johnny Walker, Absolute, Bailey's and more. Beer was limited to Presidente which we liked. The pool bar was outstanding. Ask for Lenin. He took the time to teach us Spanish. Also, beware of the drink Mama Juana. It is quite potent.Speaking of the pool, it is quite big. If you have ever seen the pool at the Flamingo in Vegas, this will remind you of it.Do take $1 bills. This came in handy. I didnt go overboard tipping and i didnt notice a difference in service if I tipped or not.We both got massages, my first so I have nothing to compare it to. My wife has had several and she said it was good. i thought it was great.Both of us has some stomach problems. Pepto helped. It didnt ruin our trip.We went to Saona Island on a catamaran. The trip was all day. The island was beautiful. The food they served was good. The ride back to the resort was a suicide run. The driver must have been in a hurry. Drinks on the island will definitely help the ride home.All in all it was a very good trip and we will go back to Paradisus in the future. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1734,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":1729}]}