{"text":"Fine hotel in excellent location We were a group of about 15 couples (the entire company plus partners) staying at the hotel. The booking was done by the person responsible for the trip and it was chosen mainly for its extremely convenient location.And it certainly is in a great place: Just a very short walk from where things happen in Madrid √à√\u2020\u2022?and only two minutes by foot to the nearest metro station (Sevilla), about five from the bigger Sol metro station.The hotel was reported as recently refurbished, which could explain why, in some areas, it did appear as if this work had not yet been finished √à√\u2020\u2022?and the rest looked almost new.The rooms were rather small and awkward, but generally quite comfortable. The beds were good-sized, though a tad on the hard side. The AC unit worked fine and did not make too much noise.The bathroom was fairly big and fitted with a bath. It was also fitted with a bidet and quite a bit of extra space. I would personally take out the bidet and rearrange things, giving more space to the actual room. There was no real door to the bathroom: A frosted glass pane mounted on hinges but with a one-inch gap all the way around has been put in its place. So much for privacy in the bathroom.Unfortunately, water saving taps had been fitted and it took almost an entire morning to fill the bath. The shower also gave out very little water, which was somewhat annoying.Internet was available in the room, but in many rooms this was available through cable only. Even when using cable, you would have to get an access code from the reception to actually access the network, and this would be valid for a single computer only. it was free √à√\u2020\u2022?but the hassle of obtaining access codes on a daily basis was unnecessary.There was a rather well-stocked minibar as well as a TV set with a very limited amount of channels in English (only one or two, in fact).The breakfast was fine with a decent selection of hot and cold items, including a large selection of savouries. Unfortunately, we were not available to enjoy this on all days of the stay due to the breakfast room simply beeing way too small.The staff were friendly enough, but the level of service is not impressive. In fact, it was my general impression that service-mindedness is not very common in Madrid, and this hotel was no exception.Even though there are quite a few really good things to say about the hotel, the few bad things end up dragging it down to the average level overall. Depending on your needs and requirements, your own experience may be better or worse. ","annotations":[]}