{"text":"WILL GO BACK We loved this place. I have read the good reviews and I've read the bad....and I have to say, I don't know where some of those bad reviews are coming from. We booked with Apple Vacations - was great because we got to book 3 restaurant reservations in advance, so I suppose we avoided some of the hassle other patrons had experienced on some of the bad reviews. The English\/Spanish communication barrier was basically nil, and I speak very little Spanish. Most everyone we encountered, except maybe the maid and landscapers, spoke English quite well. All in the service areas, i.e. waitstaff, bartenders, spoke exceptional English, as well as French and other languages. We tipped, but not excessively and found everyone to be very hospitable - tip or no tip. If you greet with a smile and respect, you will ALWAYS get that and more in return. We did not get Royal Service and found no real advantage to having it, other than the occasional golf cart ride. The golf cart guys will give anyone rides, might cost you a tip though. But the train was sufficient if we didn't feel like walking. We kind of liked the exercise after stuffing ourselves with all that food. The only restaurant we didn't care for was the Dominican - but it was authentic and a good experience! Best restaurat hands down was the International. Then we liked the Thai, however it wasn't as spicy as authentic Thai food is. We weren't that impressed with the Japanese restaurat, only because it was a trained Dominican Spanish speaking chef, and it seemed out of place in the role of a Japanese chef. It just lost something there i guess, but the food was good! Hotel was very clean and beautiful! Beach was great, pool was great, bar was great and they won't skimp on the alcohol, all you have to do is tell them how to make the drink and they'll remember how to make it the same way, every time they see you! Even welcomed us by name! If you see Felix at the lobby bar, stop and have a drink with him!About being hounded by timeshare guys - just tell them you're not interested. Simple as that. The bad reviews seem to come from people that are stupid enough to fall into the freebie trap...just say no and you won't have a bad experience to write on this website unlike some of the fools that actually think spending time listening to presentations is a fun vacation - is free golf or an hour at the spa really worth listening to sales pitches? Be smart about it. ","annotations":[]}