{"text":"Confusion in @ Melia We arrived at the resort and we were with 30 other people in our group. We booked 6 months in advance so that we could be close together, hopefully in 3 of 4 buildings next to each other. When we checked in, we were advised that the hotel overbooked and we would be upgraded to the Royal Service. Another family we were with was told the same thing. We requested not to be in Royal Service so we could be close to all our friends who were put in buildings 1,2 and 3, which was at the other end of the resort (25 minute walk). We were told, that is not possible. I told my wife let's just check it out and we could take the trains or walk to be with the group. We went to the room and it was a basic Hotel room with a couch and a 13 TV. We could not figure out how to work the lights and the bathrron was old and the beds were hard.That night in the Casino, I spoke to another guest who was in the same situation, but his room was super nice with a jucuzzi and all the upgrades. We woke up the next day and decided that we really needed to change rooms (all are friends had family suites with flat screens and really loved the rooms). We went to Royal Service to request the change. He took me to the front desk to speak to the manager (It took 2 hours and they were insulted we wanted to downgrade from the Royal Service). They told us that they could put us in building 1 with all of our friends, but the room would not be ready for a few hours. We said fine and could they help us with our luggage and have a golf cart pick us up. They told us it would not be for a while and it was now around noon that day. So we went back to the room and packed it up and dragged five large suitecases passed a wedding cerimony to the lobby for the bellman (I figured I could do their job for them). We went back to the beach with our friends and hung out until the room was ready.The grounds were beautiful, the food and service were wonderful. We tipped really well and the bartenders took care of us and accomodated every request. We were close to the pool and beach and it made it really easy for all of us to be together. Overall this resort was above average and outside of check in, we would recommed to our friends.. ","annotations":[]}