{"text":"Beautiful Resort! There were eight of us in our party, two families of four. We travel a couple of times of year together and always go to the caribbean. This was our first trip to PR and we were a bit concerned with all the mixed reviews. We did know that it was very expensive to get to the hotel via shuttle so we decided to rent cars. It was definitely the way to go. Thrifty had the best price for a car and it was a 40 minute easy drive to the hotel. I should start by saying that I booked our trip through AMEX Platinum Business travel and were given an automatic upgrade on arrival with comp breakfast for two, normally $25 per person. The hotel grounds were very beautiful and kept very clean. We were in a recently renovated room and the view was beautiful. The bathroom was quite large with a seperate walk in closet. The room itself was beautiful, clean and well maintained. We found the staff to be very helpful and accommodating. We too were there during the Chase and Bank Of America corporate events and my husband was unable to get a tee time because of it. They certainly do cater to the needs of their corporate events over the regular guests. We were fortunate to be there the week after Easter and the resort was pretty empty or so it seemed. Our kids really loved the water park and we spent two full days there. We were able to really relax as the park was small enough that we were able to keep an eye on the kids at all times. It was safe and extremely clean. The snack bar served decent food also. The spa was beautiful and the massage was fantastic.Food Prices - I will say that there were restaurants that were slightly overpriced but we are from New Jersey\/New York and we're used to paying top dollar for food anyway. You're on vacation; if you constantly worry about the price of food this resort is not the place for you. For the people whining about the prices should stay at a 2 star all inclusive resort and eat the same food everyday! There was a McD's and Church's Fried Chicken 5 minutes from the hotel for the complainers! The hibachi restaurant and Stingray restaurant were fantastic. Casino - STAY AWAY! You'll never win in this casino! Palomino Island - Very beautiful and definitely worth the trip. Short private boat ride from the resort. The sand is not powdery and soft but it was still a great time. Two decent bars\/restaurants there for lunch.All in all, it was a great trip and the resort was beautiful. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2015,"mention":"Fried Chicken","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fried_chicken"],"startOffset":2002}]}