{"text":"It was sooooo worth going! Loved it! SERIOUSLY DONT LISTEN TO ANY NEGATIVE REVIEWS AT ALL TODAY IS JULY 3RD AND I just got back today from the Grand Oasis in Punta Cana and it was amazing everyone was extremely nice! Especially Carlita the House keeper and Ernest the Receptionist! Best Service! If you dont have a problem with men in speedos or women topless than you should deffinatly come here. The food here is really good! I deffinatly recomend eating at the japanese place and Da Mario! great food also i recomend going to the disco sneaker on the 2nd floor of the lobby - great music. You will hear a bunch of bad reviews about the rooms to be honest with you i didnt rele find anything wrong except for the fact it smelt kinda funny and the only reason they are rebuilding areas of the resort are to make it better for the guests so please stop complaining! Also if you are going to book an exscurtion such as swimming with dolphins or scuba diving book it through the travel agency cause people will walk up to you on the beach trying to get you to buy through them and a lot of the time they are doing it illegally and if they see the police they will leave you stranded! It is deffinatly a family oriented place! There are tons of stuff for kids to do at night and during the day they have a movie theater, a play station room, pool tables, volleyball nets in the pool and out, they have a playground for the little kids and for the adults they have a spa and gym! The only bad thing i can say about this place is that if you DONT rent one of the safes it is very likely a housekeeper might steal one of your possessions...2 days ago our normal cleaning lady carlita left and the next day we had a new cleaning lady well we went out for the day and when we came back to get showered for dinner my mom found out she stole 5 packs of my moms cigarettes and left her with one so just lock your stuff to be on the safe side! Otherwise there is nothing really wrong with this place the beach is beautiful! Deffinately didn't regret this trip at all! ","annotations":[]}