{"text":"Very Nice Resort -- Recommend Royal Service However My husband  I stayed at the Resort from July 27 - July 31. I was relieved to have booked the Royal Service after reading the reviews on this site because it was worth every penny. Therefore, if you want to stay in Punta Cana I would recommend this place with the Royal Service. Food: We love traveling and usually like all inclusive places just for the convenience of knowing how much you are going to spend. Most of the time all inclusive means don't expect the greatest tasting food. However, at this resort the food was top notch. Again, because we had royal service we just had to call the service desk that morning and ask them for a certain restaurant. We always got our first pick. I highly recommend the Dominican restaurant. We also ate at the Italian and Mexican. Both were good. However, I do recommend be intelligent with your orders -- don't ask for rare steak or eat raw seafood. My husband ate on our last night a seafood salad which he thought may have had sushi (or otherwise was just not thoroughly cooked) and he has since been dealing with an upset stomach. Again, please be generous and tip these workers -- $1 or $2 is enough for them to treat you like kings. We did eat at the private restaurant on the first night -- it also was not bad although I do recommend you try the other restaurants. The poolside restaurant on the royal service side was excellent for lunch.Royal Service: Like I said, well worth the money. You get express check in where they do everything in their power to relax you after your flight. You get your own pool, restaurant, bar, and part of the beach with a beach bar (apparently the other part of the resort did not have people waiting on them on the beach). We loved the room  the pillow service (try the aromatherapy). Highly recommend the butler run a bath for you. Please note though that your butler does have time off so check his schedule. We wanted him to get a bath ready for us but he had left early that night and no other butler would do it for us that night. Resort: Was gorgeous. People complained about the train but I don't understand why since there were multiple ones running. God forbid you have to wait 10 mins -- you are on vacation people so you shouldn't be in a rush anyway!! RS had there own service so you could just call which was also very nice. Language: Is a problem if you don't speak spanish but I enjoyed the many different cultures. Its sort of nice being a minority as an american and seeing other people from all over the world.Our only complaints had nothing to do with the resort but more of the island. Unfortunately it is so poor that there is NOTHING to do other than resort activities so learn to enjoy just lounging out. We also had bad weather the whole time -- cloudy  rainy -- which always stinks when you are on vacation. Also use bug spray even when you don't see them! I never once saw a mosquito or fly but got bites all over my feet. We finally figured out it was ants by the pool. All in all I would recommend this place although I probably won't go back just because I wasn't that impressed with the island and my husband and I enjoy going to a new place each vacation. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":9,"mention":"Nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":5},{"endOffset":2484,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2480}]}