{"text":"Marriott Not up to Par I was disappointed with the Marriott. The service level was poor and it was not just because of the typical Caribbean service level. The staff does not know how to deal with guests and there is no communication between departments. The elevators in the hotel were not working properly and there were always lots of guests and housekeepers waiting for them. I had more than one housekeeper cut me off to get into an elevator without even waiting for it to empty out. I asked for a late check out the day before leaving and was given it for 1 p.m.. At noon on my check out date I had 2 different housekeepers knocking on the door within 15 minutes of each other trying to get in to turn around the room. When I called the front desk to get them to stop sending people they had no idea. My room was not ready upon check in and they gave me pager to let me know when it would be ready which never went off. I went to the front desk a 1\/2 hour after check in time to see if it was ready and it had been for a while. They accussed me of being out of the pager range - which I wasn't - I was sitting at the pool the entire time. They also messed up my bill upon check in and then argued with me when I tried to be honest with them. As for the property itself - it is newly renovated. The rooms are nice and make sure you get a room with ocean and or pool view. A city view will be horrible. The ocean is very rough and there is a bad undertow which they warn you about. The pool area was nice. There is an Italian resturant which didn't look like it was any spectaular so I didn't eat in it. There are alot of kids there and also a lot of business meetings going on. I had to walk through a foyer with one going on to access the business center and was confronted by the person running the meeting. There is no other way to the business center but through that area. The hotel is in a good location. There is a Starbucks across the street and many restaurants all up and down Ashford Avenue. I felt safe walking alone to any of those places. There is a lot of construction in Condado Beach and in a few years it will be much better. They do lock the gates to beach access at 6 p.m. because it is a public beach. There are a lot of police out. Puerto Rico definetly has crime issues and there are alot of vacate buildings. I did find the people friendly and Old San Juan was great. Do recommend going to Puerto Rico but stay at anyone of the many other hotels in the area. ","annotations":[]}