{"text":"Great location, quiet, comfortable Hotel location by Shimbashi station is perfect if you want to see sites in and around Tokyo. Easy access to all major attractions in Tokyo via Yamanote and Chuo lines (both Japan Rail -- no charge if you have a JR Pass). Tokyo station is only two stops northeast of Shimbashi via the Yamanote line. From there you can take JR trains to nearby attractions like Nikko (highly recommended) and Kamakura (both less than two hours away).NOTE: You can walk between Shimbashi and Dai-ichi via a quiet, clean, well-lit tunnel. When you first arrive at Shimbashi, the Dai-ichi tunnel is difficult to find amidst the many tunnels and exits. But finding the entrance to go from the hotel to the station is easy (the tunnel entrance is just outside the hotel side door closest to the station). When you first arrive, it's probably best to simply walk outside the west side of Shimbashi station, look north to see the hotel (it's a tall, thin, orange rectangular building, with a large Dai-ichi sign) and walk the two short blocks.There are plenty of dining options within a few blocks. We had breakfast in a wonderful bakery\/coffee shop (with a non-smoking section) that offers a huge variety of serve-yourself pastries and other delectable goodies. It's just two blocks south of the hotel on the outer, west side of the Shimbashi station (you can access the bakery from the station or from the outside sidewalk). A couple doors down from the bakery is a large, amazing grocery store (we're told it's called the Tokyo Store but never saw a romanji sign) fully-stocked with superb, freshly made Japanese goodies and other standard grocery items. The store fills the space from one side of Shimbashi to the other and has four entrances...but it's still kind of tricky to spot.Despite hotel's location next to busy railroad tracks, train noise is barely a low rumble. The hotel is solidly built with very thick, noise-insulated windows. Our room was wonderfully quiet. We never heard other guests.We booked through Hotels.com and were charged $250 a night for a room with three beds (all about queen size) for three persons. We checked other web sites and the prices were the same.We feel it was worth the money. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful. The room was spacious, clean, and loaded with amenities too numerous to list. They included a flashlight, bathrobes, and hair brushes. Internet access is via a high-speed LAN (cable provided) and is free. A newspaper is delivered every morning.There is a pool and health club but the charge is a ridiculous 2,100 yen per person per day.One minor drawback is cigarette smoke. Cigarette smoke permeates the entire building, largely emanating from conference rooms on the first few floors. We were on a non-smoking floor, but there was a constant, albeit slight, cigarette odor in our room.Cigarette smoke is one of the few bugaboos about Japan. Otherwise, travelers will find it has plenty to offer. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1242,"mention":"pastries","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":1234},{"endOffset":2550,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":2546}]}