{"text":"Absolutely Fantastic !! Hola! My husband, myself and our two friends returned on the 21st June after our two week stay (6\/6 to 6\/20) where do I start but by saying absolutely brilliant. We all thoroughly enjoyed our two week stay and were very sorry when we had to leave.I felt that I needed to write this review mainly on behalf of the British tourist as there didn't seem to be many. Although since having been and realising that there were very few British at the hotel - why ? I do not know. We travelled with First Choice and everything was absolutely spot on.I emailed the hotel two weeks prior to our arrival and asked for a room overlooking the beach - it couldn't have been better. We were given room 2353 on the second floor - absolutely fantastic - huge bed (apparantly all recently new) flat screen tv, clock radio, coffee machine, iron and ironing board. ~The bathroom was fab - with a huge walk-in shower - which yet again I think was fairly recently renovated as they fitted a new shower door whilst we were there.We certainly had no complaints about the food - the choice was absolutely immense (the only complaint being there was too much to choose from and you just felt that you had to try it all !! - the waistbands prove this !!!)We were able to eat in the speciality restaurants 5 times in total - I think this was because the hotel wasn't booked to capacity - so we asked if we could book more and they willingly obliged !!We ate in the Mediterranean, Japanese and Gourmet 3 times !! I think that says it all.I could go on forever because it was all just so brilliant - we could not fault anything - if there is anything you want, you only have to ask and if they can do it they are only too happy to do so.I was a little apprehensive before going after reading quite a few negative reports - but believe me I think that they were totally unjust. There were no musty smells in the rooms, we didn't hear any noise from the new hotel being built next door (if I hadn't read about it I wouldn't have even known it was there !!) I genuinely believe that if you had a problem they would do their absolute upmost to sort the problem - however large or small - out.We have now been to every Iberostar hotel on the Island - which I think says it all !! - because we know that we will be guaranteed an absolutely fantastic holiday. We would rate this as probably one of the best we have been to - coming very close to the Iberostar Haciendus. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":834,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":828}]}