{"text":"it was okay Hi booked this holiday late, wanted somewhere nice to stay, eat and drink and have a gud time with family. when we arrived we thought it was okay. went to our room was not a family room, went to enquire and straight away changed our room without any probs, room i would say was not 4 star, plain but okay. i would say rooms are more 3 star the max. food was good, had no stamach probs as some guests said. drinkls were good. staff were good apart from the one who sits on the pool side near the quad bike, she was so miserable, all she wanted was for me to book something with her, even though she charged alot more than you can get it, cos she said she wanted commision, and if you did not book anything with her she keep hassling you. in the end she knew we would not and she completely ignored us. the other one was veronica, god she walked around as if she owned the place, thought she was better than any one else, she would only talk to people who she thought was good enough for her, even though we tried to chat to her and said hello to her many times, but she just blanked us out and some others also. rest of the staff where great. we enjoyed our 2 weeks there in all. beach was brill, pool was good. try the monster trucks, quad biking brilliant. also near the last two days we gave tips to some staff, they were great but as soon as we gave them tips they did not want to know us. my sons fav guy was fernando he was great the electric man, from animaction team. they were all good apart from veronica, stuck up she was. loved the moca chinos in the reception mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. for what we paid we enjoyed it. if you love painting then you will like it, but haggle we bought some one they asked for 150 us dollars in the end we paid 20 us dollars yes unbeleivable. making calls from the hotel is a rip off. i made one call to my tour operator local call lasted about 1 min max, got chrged 4 us dollars ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1238,"mention":"monster","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Monster_Energy"],"startOffset":1231}]}