{"text":"Go Royal Service After waiting two months to see if all the gripes, complaints and or praises were true we finally experienced the Melia Caribe. I've been to eight Caribbean resorts in the past two years (Cancun, Riviera Maya, Jamiaca) and this ranks number one, but do upgrade to the Royal Service.Immigration and the tourist card is a brief nussance at the airport as you arrive. They didn't even glance at our passport or immigrationpaperwork. The taxi ride to the resort was quick and check in (RS) took less than five minutes from taxi to our room.The resort is immense! Being in the Royal Service we saw a lot of thesame people, however venturing out to the larger pools and buffets wefound that indeed there were hundreds of guests especially venturing out at night for dinner. The RS side is quiet with complete service by waiters who recall your face, name, likes, dislikes, etc. The one bedroom suite was very spacious and totally spotless. The toiletries were the only thing that didn't live up to the expecations we've cometo expect from a spa type resort. Dinner reservations were a breeze with the concierge service. Those who weren't RS had a difficult timegetting into restaurants of their choice (per conversations with non-RS guests). Liquor was top shelf although the Presidente beer is justso so.The reason we chose the Melia Caribe was for the beach and it didn't dissapoint. The sand is as I remember Cancun from 15 years ago, powdery white without so much as a pebble.The language barrier wasn't much of a problem and many of the waitersactually took pride in trying to teach guests their language.Breakfast buffets are a bit weak as compared to other Caribbean resorts, so we usually opted for made to order omlets. The house wineisn't French or even Californian, but flows freely. Then again this is a country that manufactures rum.......so do as the Roman's and drink their drinks.Bottom line.....spend the extra bucks and go RS, you'll be happy you did. On a scale of ten I give the Melia Caribe a 9.5 (which from me is outstanding!!!!) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1462,"mention":"white","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":1457}]}