{"text":"wouldnt go back I was going for to attend a conference, and it was my first time in barcelona. There was an offer for this hotel set up by the conference itself though it was my second choice it still looked and sounded pretty good! In reality it wasnt.. at all. Starting from the offensive looking exterior of the building. On the positive side the reservation and check in was pretty simple and quick and that was it! People working at the reception spoke very little to no english and when i wanted to change my room I had to wait for the bell boy to come and translate as the english speaking receptionist wasnt available. room preferences were not taken into consideration and so i had to change the room but of course my other room wasnt available, so instead of keeping my current accomodation they told me to leave my bags and return a couple of hours later! They took my luggage thankfully which I had been pulling myself up to my room then down again to the reception, and i went for lunch. Rooms are small and not very clean. bathroom was ok. The rooms at the back of the hotel have very bad view I imagine those overlooking the pz espana would be better but I didnt see them. after the switch of rooms as I came back tired and wanting to relax I was surprised by a friendly french couple opening the door to my room with their luggage in tow, it appears that the receptionist forgot to make the switch and still listed my room as available. limited TV channels, only sky news in english. bathroom was clean enough and comfortable but not luxurious. the shower's handle was broken and then it completely went out of order, they fixed it for one day then it broke again, we kept on like that till the last day when i left not taking a shower on that day, as i was so exasperated that i didnt bother to tell them. closet space was ample. bed was not comfortable and sheets are not cleaned everyday except if you tell them. on check out they had charged a pay per view movie in a time when i wasnt even in the room and some other extra stuff, they deleted it quickly enough though when i told them so if ur there CHECK UR BILL. Breakfast room spacious and breakfast is good with a variety of choices. location is nice but as i found out not central to shopping area, it was very close to conference location though and pza espana by night is magnificent and thats right outside the doorstep, also Metro station is right out there. just a few nice cafes in the surrounding area so that was a challenge as well. I have found that the staff to be friendly and have good intentions to help but have no idea what to do! I have found it be overpriced for the services and general outlook, wouldnt stay there again if they paid me, i like to enjoy my trips and this was the only downside of my trip so i spent all of my time outside of the hotel in the magnificent city. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2454,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2450}]}