{"text":"Not the same anymore We recently stayed at the Ungherese and found that it had changed a good bit since the previous manager, Sabrina, left. The stafff is nowhere as warm as she was and outside of the manager who wasn't here much, no one spoke any English. Even as we arrived we felt as if the woman checking us in was an inquisitor giving us the feeling we had not booked a room. We had even requested that first floor room as we liked having the balcony off of our room. But this time,we too were bothered by the staff talking on the phone til well past midnight. One night as we came back to the hotel, the person at the desk was on the phone and just buzzed us in without a greeting and continued to talk on the phone for another hour and we could hear every word in our room. We found the general upkeep of the hotel to be so much less than last time. The staff seems to work hard but doesn't have the same sense of the little things that matter . Cigarette butts were never emptied from ashtrays, vacuuming starts too early in the morning etc and the breakfast buffet was missing several items that was on it last time. The worst part was when the room flooded due to that shower. I was blithley showering not noticing the water was up to my ankles as the drain didn't drain. I was stuck in there for ten minutes trying to let it go down before opening the door. When i did open it -I found that it had gone all over our room and into the hallway. And when I called the manager, she was quite upset--sying how did this happen -no offer to help us in our room-just started throwing towels down in the lobby and giving us towels to clean our room ourselves. And worse-she told me that it was impossible that the flood occured as I said it did. And I see from another reviewer that just a few weeks earlier they also had the same experience so she obviously knew there was a problem.I think this hotel is just ok is you get an upstairs room. We didn't have any trouble finding it as we had a GPS and had been there 2 years earlier. It is very convenient for taking the bus to the heart of the city and one of the few hotels that we found that you can park the car reasonably. But even here, we found it different than last time as then we were allowed to park on the street and this time had to park it in a garage a few doors away. I am not sure that we would ever stay there again ","annotations":[]}