{"text":"Great value, great location My wife and I just stayed in the Baldwin Hotel for five nights and we enjoyed a very pleasant stay. We booked through an online service, pre-paid and took BART from San Francisco Airport, with a subway stop three blocks from the Baldwin. Check-in was quick and easy. Our room was on the 10th floor, with a queen-size bed and private bath. The room was small but very clean and the maid service every day was thorough. There were only two pillows on the bed but when we asked for two more they happily complied. I have read some complaints about the front desk but that was not our experience at all; they were always very friendly and helpful. The first night we stayed there it was hot but a ceiling fan kept it pretty comfortable. After that the temp. dropped and it was very comfortable. The elevator is slow but not so much as to be a problem. The location is excellent, right down the block from Chinatown; just beyond Chinatown is North Beach (a little Italy) and a bit farther Coit Tower (with another slow elevator that is worth the $5 charge to the top, where there are spectacular views). Union Square is also near, as is the cable car terminus down to Fisherman's Wharf. Trips to Alacatraz leave from Pier 33 but make a reservation - those trips fill up fast in the summer. The cable car trip is fun but there are long waits at the turn-arounds. We also took BART to the F line trolley to Fisherman's Wharf, which also worked well. There's also a Starbucks just up the block from the Baldwin. Checkout is at 11 a.m. and our plane did not leave until 5 p.m. However, they let us leave our bags at the front desk and we wandered around Chinatown for a few more hours. One depressing note: there are a lot of homeless in the general area, though we did not see any congregating at the Baldwin. Some are pretty aggressive demanding money though overall it is more than anything else a very sad testiment to our society's inability to make these folks' lives better than sleeping on the streets and begging. ","annotations":[]}