{"text":"Not worth the money I stayed at this hotel with a coworker while we were in Miami for a conference. The lobby is nice, and the restaurant was good. However, the room was highly disappointing, and the service was terrible. The cost was about $280 a night plus $22 per day for parking. Our room had two double sized beds with hard brick pillows and a stained thin bed sheet. The size of the room was half that of a Holiday Inn, and the stains on the drapes were offensive. Being on the 14th floor we expected good services. However, when we arrived to find a leaking toilet that would not flush, we found that the maintenance would not come and correct the situation. After calling numerous times, the following day a couple of men looked at the toilet, but did not fix it. We were later told by the manager that they needed a new bulb. They should have gotten a new bulb and fixed the toilet instead of leaving two girls in the room with out the use of the restroom. The door handle also fell off at one point. It was poorly fixed after numerous complaints again.The paint was peeling off the walls, not only in the room, but in the hallway. I have seen cheap Vegas hotels that are more presentable.We also had a problem with the mini-bar. We did not need it in the room, but there was a $20 charge to take it out. We decided to leave it in the room, but we never even unlocked the door. We decided to pay for the room the night before we left because we had a 6am flight. According to the hotel records, we had spent $43 in the mini-bar. The lady at the front desk told us to wait in our room, and she would send someone to check it out. So instead of enjoying what Miami had to offer, we were stuck in the hotel room all evening waiting for someone to come, who never did. Finally, after all we had to deal with we went to talk to the hotel manger. He was extremely unsympathetic. He did take off the mini-bar expenses, but just mad poor excuses for why the room was falling apart, and didn't even apologize to us for wasting our time waiting for his staff. I understand the high cost of the hotel was for the location. Nevertheless, our view was that of a construction site. We could see the ocean from a certain angle, but it wasn't worth what we paid. Furthermore, we weren't even able to enjoy the beach since we were constantly dealing with issues from the room.I would suggest that if someone wants to enjoy Miami Beach they need to either stay somewhere else along the shore, or drive in and pay the $22 parking. Even if you don't save money, you will save the headache staying in a sub par hotel with horrible service. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2594,"mention":"sub","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Submarine_sandwich"],"startOffset":2591}]}