{"text":"Decent stay, very poor location, and a bad after-sales experience My brother and I stayed here for a few nights, and if it wasn't for the hotels location I would have probably enjoyed my stay a lot more than what I actually did. The hotel and room itself is what you would expect of any Best Western hotel - standard and fairly low cost. However, the staff seemed friendly enough and the rooms were clean. The beds were fairly comfortable, although you might want to bear in mind that I had been camping for the previous two weeks, so any bed was going to feel comfortable.  However, you would think that when building a hotel you would take it's location into consideration, and this is where most people criticise the hotel, and rightly so. San Francisco contains a lot of homeless people anyway, but there seemed to be more than usual around the area of the hotel. Although most homeless people are fairly harmless we were confronted by one man who started calling us racist (he simply based this on the fact that he was black and we wouldn't give him money) and started getting rather aggressive before an American friend intervened. Needless to say I didn't feel comfortable walking around the area and you shouldn't have to feel like that when on holiday. On the bright side, it is only a 10 minute walk into the centre of the city and there are plenty of taxi's available if you want to go further afield.  At this point I would have said that the hotel was decent-good with a poor location, but then something happened 6 months after my stay which completely changed my view. I had booked the hotel through a travel agent, so the hotel had no need to charge me for anything. They did, however, take a credit card number as standard, in case any damages occurred in the room. Needless to say, there were no damages. However, 6 months later, a transaction appeared on my credit card bill from Best Western for a fairly substantial amout of money. I immediately contacted Best Western and my card company about this. The card company said they would investigate the issue while Best Western didn't even apologise or offer any explanation. I never found out what exactly happened but an advisor from the card company said that it looked like an employee of Best Western had obviously kept my card details (when they should have destroyed them after I checked out) and tried to use them 6 months later, and somehow hoped that I wouldn't notice. I realise that this might have been a mistake but the fact that it was 6 months after my details should have been destroyed, means that it is very unlikely an error occured. So, in summary, I would recommend staying somewhere else because not only do I not trust the staff but the area is not exactly glamorous. ","annotations":[]}