{"text":"No Where Near a 5 Star Rating This resort definitely has the layout of a 5 star facility but comes no where near providing the service of one. I have travelled to numerous islands and Europe and recognize the varying standards of food and service. I will never return to this resort nor will I recommend it to anyone. There is visible security on the beach however vendors walk up and down the beach soliciting guests to buy their jewellery, hats, etc. There is a vendors' market on the property should guests wish to purchase those types of items. Dont bug people relaxing on the beach!!There was a dog that ran up and down the beach every day. Again, security just sat there. At one point the dog approached a young child and snipped at her. Had the father not been attentive of the situation who knows the damage that could have been done. Nothing was done about a dog on the beach at a 5 star resort!!! The beach is absolutely gorgeous however the constant traffic of motor boards and the smell of fuel from their motors definitely takes away from the beauty of it.The ala carte restaurants were good. We ate at the Italian, Mexican, BBQ and Mediterranean. The staff were very friendly and the food was presented well. It was very disappointing that they did not inforce the dress code. Its made very clear on your reservation ticket plus when you make your reservations that men must be in pants and women in acceptable attire. There were people in shorts and tshirts!!Service in the general areas was hit and miss. On two occasions we approached the snack bar bar and asked for 2 beers in Spanish and it was if we werent even standing there. Beers were literally handed over our shoulders to other guests that had a approached the bar after us and then we were served. At the buffet we had to flag down staff in order to request a glass of wine with our dinner, which typically didnt arrive at our table until we were almost finished eating.Our room was very nice. Their definition of a serviced mini bar in the room was 2 beers twice during the week in the fridge. The fridge itself bearly kept the beverages chilled even with the temperature turned all the way up. It varied from day to day how many towels we were left. On several occasions we were only left 1 bath towel. We had a ground floor suite and upon returning to our room 1 day the maid, having cleaned the room, had left our sliding door unlocked!!! Fortunately we had rented at safe ($30US). Thats another thing; I have never encountered being charged for a safe at a 5 star resort. Another day we returned from the beach at 5:30 and our room hadnt been cleaned yet. Each day we had even left a tip for the maid in hopes things might turn around.We spoke with several other guests of the hotel both during our vacation time and upon returning to Canada and they had encountered similar problems. If this resort is classified as a 5 star resort I would hate to think how deplorable things are at the 3 and 4 star resorts!!! I cant imagine paying peak season prices for this resort. ","annotations":[]}