{"text":"Overated! For the life of me, I do not understand why this hotel has so many good reviews on this website. We stayed her for five nights in April of the 2007. We had to prepay, which I hate doing, but I figured with all the good reviews, it was a small risk. Was I wrong. Where do I start:- Location is not that great. A pretty dodgy area, with Africans tryin to sell me drugs and fake watches the minute I walked out the door. But it is close to the train station, as is about 50 other hotels.- Noise! The hotel has no carpet, so be prepared to be awaken very early by the slamming of doors as the maids cleans rooms, and other guests come and go. And I don't mean a small noise, but a jolting, teeth rattling noise. Also the club near the hotel is still going strong, so be prepared to hear the noise from it until very early in the morning. I suppose when the AC is on, you can just close the windows, but it was not working yet for our visit.- Room is small! And we got a Superior. When I looked at the floor plan posted on the door (for fire evacuation) it looked like most of the rooms seemed to be the same size. I had a friend in a Standard room, and it seemed to be the same size as mine. So, if you MUST stay here, don't waste money on the Superior rooms.- Hotel staff was not so helpful. When I checked in, I sat my laptop on the desk. When I went to plug it in, the only two plugs reachable from the desk where being used by the TV and the minibar. When I called down to ask if they had a extension cord, I was coldly told no, and basically told to deal with it. I also asked if the had an air fan (the air movement helps me sleep) I was again told no, sorry, with no real regret from the front desk. - Starting to get a little run down. Yes, it was remodeled, but I think it must have been about the time Michangelo was finishing up on David. Time for a little titavating. An what is up with the moldy smell???- Lift. First, there is no lift to get you to the hotel lobby, which is two flights up steep stairs from street level. Then the lift from the lobby to the upper two floors is so small, and so slow, the only time you would want to use it when you have luggage. Even then, it stopped on the very LONGGGGG ride down, and I almost got stuck!Not to be too negative, there where a few things I liked about this hotel. Free internet was very nice, though it is NOT wireless in the rooms. Also the maid service was good, and they have a pretty nifty Sky satelitte entertainment system, though for the life of me, I could not figure out how to buy a pay per view movie. This stay taught me two things. Do not count on reviews posted on this website, but use them only as reference. And NEVER prepay for a hotel! We stayed two nights in the Cosmopolitan Concept Hotel which is near the airport, but only about ten minuted bus ride into town. WHAT A NICE HOTEL! And about 30 percent cheaper then this place. Please see my review that I am going to post on this website on that hotel. It was one of the nicest hotels I have ever spent the night in! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":731,"mention":"club","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Club_sandwich"],"startOffset":727},{"endOffset":2866,"mention":"NICE","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":2862}]}