{"text":"A very enjoyable experience I normally save my reviews for small independent hotels and guest houses but I felt compelled to write a review of our stay at the Swissotel in response to some of the negative reviews I have read about the place.Our stay wasn't perfect but the problems we encountered were put right without us having to complain. We arrived half an hour before our check-in time and were advised that our room wouldn't be ready for an hour. Obviously, this was a little annoying especially when they didn't call us after an hour and when we called them we were told the room still wasn't ready. When we did eventually check-in about an hour and a half after the advised check-in time we were automatically given an upgrade to a Junior Suite. I agree that not having the room ready does not give a good first impression but the quality of the upgrade was more than sufficient compensation.I thought the room was fantastic with views on 3 sides. It was incredibly spacious, clean and well-equipped. Two toilets and two huge flat-screen TVs. I don't know what more anyone could ask for. Contrary to what others have said there were plenty of towels throughout our stay and plenty of reading material about Sydney in the room. I don't know these elements differ between the types of room. We also had a problem where one of the porters dropped a wine bag containing two bottles of wine which we had bought in The Hunter Valley for a friend's wedding. They were very apologetic and were successful in replacing the wine with the same and better wine from the same vineyard.I do think there is a lack of consistency in the service provided by staff though. It is unfair to say all of the staff were unhelpful as some were helpful beyond the call of duty. This was particularly true of one of the Concierges who could not have been more helpful in assisting us with getting our hire car back to Avis. I wish I could remember his name.We did have a further problem with booking a taxi with another Concierge. We booked it for the Friday evening at 1800 and when we went to get it a different Concierge told us that taxis never turn up on a Friday during rush hour so there was no point booking So again, this suggests a lack of consistency amongst the staff.Despite our problems, I would still recommend this hotel for the central location and the standard of the rooms. ","annotations":[]}