{"text":"Nothing to complain about! AMAZING! I stayed here from April 26-May 4th and this resort is absolutely amazing. I honestly can say I had nothing to complain about. Food: buffet was awesome, great variety, you have the choice to eat at any of the 3 buffets for lunch. The a la carte restaraunts were amazing, I went in a group of 6 (3 rooms) so we got to take advantage of 3 reservations instead of 2, we could have done 6 but decided not to. If you don't want to leave your room, room service is available from 12-10:30 everyday. Rooms: were great! clean, air conditioning ran steady all day long, very spacious, great washrooms, maid service was amazing. Pool and Beach: Both were amazing, we never had a problem getting a hut or loungers, even with 6 of us. Swim up bar is amazing, they kept the drinks coming all day long. Tips: As you may have already heard, tips can go a LONG way. I never stopped tipping and the service was GREAT. They kept the drinks flowing at the bar and we sat at the same table for all 3 meals and drinks were memorized and brought before even asking for them. You already spent a bunch of money to get there, so a few extra dollar bills won't kill you for some extra service. All in all a trip to remember and will probably be returning again next year. The real reason I came to leave this review is to tell you about TWIN BROTHERS EXCURSIONS PAUL AND RAMON. If you go down to the beach and walk down to your left you will stumble upon a little table with a bright red Quad parked right beside it. I have read about him on here and went to look for him. Not like many of the other dominican excursion sellers or gift shop sellers he wasn't pushy at ALL. He tells you what he's got and if you want to choose him, it's up to you. He speaks perfect english and is very accomidating. He gives you the best prices, service and equipment. We went on 4 excursions. First we went horse back riding through the palm forest, through the city, back down to the beach and down to the peak of the island. This isn't like other trail rides, the horses don't just follow eachother and being an experienced rider, I was very impressed with their training and obedience, we got to walk, trot, canter and gallop, the whole 9 yards. It was so fun, I did it twice. Each ride was only suppose to be an hour but the tour guide took us for about an hour and a half every ride. The third excursion we did was parasailing. Ramon gave us the best deal and made sure we had the best time. Our original date was posponed because there wasn't enough wind and Ramone wanted to be sure we had a good time so he said it would be better to wait until the next morning. It was a good idea on his behalf becase it was the best experience of my life. The captain of the boat was great, I felt very safe and he had so much control. He brought us up then dipped us in the ocean then lifted us back up, it was great. The next day we had our Quad tripped booked for the afternoon. When we walked up his way, we saw all 6 shiny red quads lined up ready to go. We hopped on and started our 2 and a half (ended up being 3 hour) ride into the forrest, mountains, country side and city. When going through the city the kids try to catch you and ask for money pr candy but just wave, if you give candy or money to 1, you will get attacked by a swarm of them. Once again you had total freedom to go as fast as you want or as slow as you want to take photos. The tour guides on this excursion were also very good. All my trips were private so it was much more fun. So if your looking for a good time for a good price go see TWIN BROTHERS PAUL AND RAMONE they offer the best price, service and equipment. DO NOT buy excursions from the people on the resort and by the pool as they are over priced and often not safe. Tell Ramone David says hi (he often called me DAVEED) ","annotations":[{"endOffset":3252,"mention":"candy","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Candy"],"startOffset":3247},{"endOffset":3285,"mention":"candy","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Candy"],"startOffset":3280}]}