{"text":"Awesome We were at ME 12-19th of December and had an awesome time. Any issues we had were minor and not really worth giving a second thought. The pool feels cool yes, probably because its so hot outside?? Who wants to go into a warm pool anyhow? It was actually very refreshing. . The staff are all very friendly. We had house keeping make up our room in early afternoon and exchange towles again in the early evening. So we always had 4-6 towels everyday for 2 of us. MInor water leakage from the shower stall but we just wedged a piece of the soap in the corner of the floor under the door and kept a towel on the other side. Maybe use a little less water pressure then you would normally use... definately not a big deal. We left housekeeping and the mini bar guy a buck or two each day and also a small gift some days they took very good care of us. The fridge guy often left chocolate's and extra bottles of whatever we had drank most of (beer or water usually). A few days we came back to our room after the day at the beach to find a freshly drawn, hot bubble bath in the jacuzzi. Our air conditioning always worked great so it was nice cool in our room. No they dont renew the liquor in your room but why would you be drinking that much in your room? There are bars everywhere. Elevators always seemed to be working, didnt use them much, 3 flights of stairs isnt very much if your able. We brought our own scented candle but didnt need it. The hotel shouldnt be expected to provide that for you? A couple mosquitos in the room but thats all. Didnt use any repellant. The electricity in the room turns off after you've been gone for 30 min or so which is great for energy conservation (A\/C stays on though). This may be why some people think there are a lot of power outages. Unfortunately it also resets your alarm clock so dont bother re-setting the time every time you came back to your room. There was one block of rooms still under construction but they are pretty well only working inside. You didnt hear the noise much but if you did it sounded so far away that it was never a bother.Very organized at the beach with activities. Volleyball everyday 11am -1pm and 4-6pm. There was often bocce and other tossing games going on. Plenty of boogie boards to use in the ocean. Beach always very clean.Something for everyone at each restaurant. We ate at all of them except Il Gourmand.I think most people will enjoy themselves here if you truely want to. Book with confidence. If your someone who makes mountains out of mole hills or are quick to point out every problem you can find then you probably wont be satisfied anywhere....I will definately return to Majestic Elegance. ","annotations":[]}