{"text":"Beautiful grounds, great rooms, friendly service We spent nine nights at the Sofitel in February. Overall, I was impressed with the property and felt that it was an excellent value for the rate that we paid. The rooms were modern and stylish, with lots of dark wood. It was more of a European decor than an Asian style. Our balcony overlooked the garden and I especially liked that there was a regular door to the balcony rather than a sliding glass door. The service was excellent, I felt like the staff knew us by name after only a few days and we were always greeted with a friendly smile when entering and leaving the hotel.The grounds of the hotel were aesthetically pleasing and had a very inviting feel. The vegetation was lush and thoughtfully laid out. The gardens and pool area had a classical Balinese look with worn, dark stone. The pool was huge and overlooked the ocean, with teak wood decks and lots of seating. There were even loungers built into the stone below the water level so you could sit and lounge in the pool. The beach was not terribly exciting but there were lounge chairs and umbrellas set up for guest use. The sands were dark and extremely hot.... and the water was usually quite rough. One drawback of the pool area is that there is currently construction going on next to the hotel. There is a canvas wall set up so you don't have to stare at the scaffolding, but there is definitely some noise. I didn't really find it all that bothersome and I spent several hours each day poolside.I think the best part of the hotel was its location. It was an easy walk to restaurants and nightlife which meant you were not trapped at the hotel for your meals. Seminyak had plenty of activity without the hassles and noise of the southern part of Kuta. But if you wanted to partake in that madness it was only a short drive away. Because of its beachfront location the hotel is removed from all the noise and traffic, while still having plenty of local entertainment and dining options. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. ","annotations":[]}