{"text":"Oberoi - very very good Having stayed in first class hotels across the world our choice in Bali came down to either the Legion or the Oberoi because both are in Seminyak which has to be the best area in Bali - good hotels, shops, surfing and restaurantsWe chose the Oberoi not only because it was significantly cheaper than the Legion but because it appeared to exude style. We weren't disappointed. To the immediate right of the hotel is Ku De Ta then the Legion and to the left The Sofitel. The beach in front of the Oberoi is as good as it gets on Bali which, by the way, is not the soft white stuff one finds in the Maldives and Seychelles. Having said that the Oberoi beach is kept in mint condition during the day. The beaches to the right and left are not - especially the beach outside the Sofitel.The Oberoi is traditionally designed on a beautiful site with all buildings on one level in immaculate gadrens. The Sofitel is multi story as is the Legion. The Oberoi rooms are delightful with all one could wish - marble bathrooms, TV with 20 odd satellite channels, very comfortable beds, plenty of space, a safe, free newspaers delivered to the room etc etc. Just one point here - don't bother with the extra cost of a sea view room as in front of the sea view rooms there is a raised grassed mound which means if one is sitting outside the room one can only just see the sea - one has to stand up to get a real sea view.The staff are wonderful - polite, gracious, on the ball, informed - nothing is ever too much trouble.Breakfast is excellent although like many others one would have preferred to have a buffet breakfast but I guess this is not possible due to the three types\/cost of breakfasts on offer. Dinner at Oberoi's restaurant is first class with attendant first class service. During the day one is served complimentary fruit, pizza squares, sorbets and an ace tea with cakes.Another great thing about the Oberoi was there were no English football shirts, tatoos, sleveless vests or ill manered kids to be seen. Local restaurants? In Seminyak there are many many. Here's what we experienced (group of five well travelled people's collective thoughts)Lemon Tree (Thai). Very very good food, good service, boring interior, inexpensiveUltimo (Italian). Everyone raves about this place and I guess they are seduced by the interior which is large, stylish, a hive of activity with good service but very ordinary food - I think they survive on the extrinsics rather than the food, medium price. Wouldn't go againLiving Room (Asian\/French)). Great interior, great service, great food - expensive'ishMades Waring (everything). Great buzz, lots of people, inside and outside dining, average service, less than average food - disappointingKu De Ta - dining. Great service, teriffic vibe, loads of young people, excellent food and great atmosphere - expensive'ish but actually value for moneyKu De Ta - mezze. Fab. Great choice, great food, table above the waves, fantastic lighting up to 200m out to sea. Value for moneyDouble Six. Arrived at 8.30. The place was empty. We were told it would open later. No one around to check with.Gado Gado. On the beach but not a great stretch of beach. I checked it out at lunch time. It looked very ordinary.Oberoi. Brilliant service, very very good food but a wee bit precious\/poncey, expensive wine - all in all good but expensive but I should add that we had a complimentary dinner for which we were most gratefulAll in all Bali and the Oberoi in particular are wonderful. The sea is warm as are the people, The hotel, the service, the position and their obvious objective of making their guests happy make the Oberoi a 'must do' destination. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1853,"mention":"pizza","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pizza"],"startOffset":1848},{"endOffset":1885,"mention":"tea","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Tea"],"startOffset":1882}]}