{"text":"Great Hotel in a Central Location I took my partner here for a 4 day trip for her 30th Birthday, It was the first time i had been to this part of spain, and thought it would be something different. This is a great friendly hotel, staff are helpful and always cheerful. I booked it through lastminute.com (as it was cheaper than direct oddly enough), and the flights i sorted seperately (morning inbound, evening outbound)It's nothing like your typical package holiday hotel, and eminates a certain level of classiness, glorious marble floors and surroundings with modern looks befitting the younger\/middle age generation. Being greeted by a glass of Cava was a nice touch on our arrival.Breakfasts are amazing with a wide variety of dishes available (although someone should teach the spanish how to make scrambled eggs :P - but this isn't limted to this hotel alone and seems to be a spanish trait). The only small item which took the shine off this is that we where placed in a 1st floor room and the walk in shower leaked out onto the floor and into the bedroom area. The hotel staff new about this and where happy enough to supply additional towels to clean this up, but I am not sure if it was just limited to this room, adn i thought ti could have recieved a better response.We plumped for the Jacuzzi option and I can say was thoroughly enjoyable (although cold as hell). Roof terrace is amazing, with fantasic views, drinks up there can be a tad expensive, but it's worth it just for the view\/environment, and serves well as a pre curser to going out for dinner. You will find that Barcelona is more expensive than other spanish areas, and this seems to be the case in Barca in general; more so if you spend time on the Ramblas (so try to steer clear when eating).There are a few really nice restaurants in the area, and most don't generally open until about 20:30 onwards. It isn't unusual here to eat late and everywhere doesnt really come alive until post 10:30 anyway, and in some places, post midnight. If you really like seafood try El Chipiron in Port Vell (by Mare Magnum), an outside table (upstairs) overlooking the bay is a real treat, cost varies, but at a minimum is about 25-30 Euro each for a main meal\/drink, and increases as you go more towards the platters (but these can be shared as they are huge), there are also options for the less adventurous (chicken, lamb etc). La Fonda in the Gothic Quarter is great too (on E'scudellers), although be prepared to queue if you arrive post 10pm (this is apparently a typical sign of a good restaurant so you will find a few places like this). Three Courses and a bottle of wine here is about 50 Euro, so its well worth it if you want bang for buck and the food is fantastic. Try to steer clear of Placa Reial at night (or more so the part where you enter from the Ramblas), as there can be a few undesirables hanging around in large groups (supposedly Algerian immigrants), and you need to be a little more aware of whos around you. Make sure you keep hold of your belongings, there were a few occasions where it was apparant we were being followed, but as long as you know whats going on you should be ok. Once thing i will say is that for me personally the nightlife was better than the day, but it is very centered around dinner, wine a few beers and relaxing rather than the traditional pub scene (i guess thats because there is a large amount of walking to be done during the day) but if you want that, there are a few Irish Bars around which are always good too. Also, don't get too worried if you get some strange stares from the locals, this seems to be a common thing especially shoe wise (as they supposedly love their shoes), and in some cases the older locals are not fond of the younger looks (short dresses etc), but that doesn't stop you from looking good, and i found that the majority of tourists, didn't really care what they wore.If you have never been to Barcelona before, and despite the shoulder shruggable oh well problems i can really recommend this hotel. All in all an enjoyable experience with a few things to thnk about when you are out there. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":665,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":661},{"endOffset":1799,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1795}]}