{"text":"The Claris Hotel, Barcelona Part of the joy of visiting a lovely city, is a hotel that is convenient to the sights, perfect service, and delightful accommodations. We studied our choice of hotels, and The Claris continued to be a top choice, and our final decision. The Claris is a member of the excellent group of hotels called Small Luxury Hotels located throughout the world. They are expensive, but known for the high quality while staying on the small side with outstanding personal service. The Hotel Claris was built in 1992 keeping the facade of the former Palacio Vedruna. Barcelona has been working very hard to upgrade and improve on its elegant architecture, and although the exterior of this hotel appears very old, the interior is an entirely different story. The Claris is a crossroads experience of the past, present and future. Behind the palatial facade you discover a private pre-Columbian Art collection, and one of the most extensive museums of Egyptian relics in Europe. The modern interior is quite a diversion from what you might expect. Everything is crisp and clean, simple, but elegant in design.....almost mysterious. We arrived in Barcelona by ship, and were at the hotel at 10:00am. It was too early to check in, however, they were more than gracious to put our luggage in a safe place and invite us to have lunch, or just stroll around the city. We returned several hours later and our room was ready. The reception desk was most interesting in appearance with a beautiful burled wood wall. All of a sudden, the person that had been helping us went to check on something and he was gone. The wooden wall was actually secret doors to the back, and with a swift push he disappeared...quick to return, I might add. The staff was most friendly and always willing to be helpful. They arranged a tour for us and best of all gave us a list of the best Spanish brandies and were to buy them. All of the 120 rooms, have been decorated with a mixture of modern contemporary and classic styles. There are over 100 antique kilim rugs, 17th and 18th century English and French furniture, and many sculptures from the 2nd to 7th centuries. All rooms are air-conditioned, several phones, satellite TV, a safe, mini-bar, desk, and sofa. The bathrooms are quite the most beautiful, done in coral marble with fresh flowers attached to the mirror in little tubes. We had the standard room, which was a little on the small side, but still a good value at $175 US including a grand breakfast and taxes. The hotel has three restaurants, one being the Caviar Restaurant, which didn't appeal to us. However, the main one, on the lower level was where breakfast was served as well as dinner. Breakfast was a buffet style with every imaginable pastry, meat, and more than enough to last you for a week. Several nights we ate dinner there also, where they have a fixed price menu including wine. I loved with spinach soup with scampi! The price per person was about $30....not bad at all, and well worth it. There is a restaurant on the roof, however we were there in the Spring and it was not open yet. Yes, we enjoyed this hotel so much, but best of all, it was just one block away from the Paseo de Gracia, the heart of Barcelona. We were able to walk everywhere from this convenient location. So, are you looking for a special place to stay while you are visiting this marvelous city? You need to seriously consider the Claris, it is a good value, and a most interesting hotel! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2755,"mention":"pastry","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Pastry"],"startOffset":2749},{"endOffset":2925,"mention":"soup","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Soup"],"startOffset":2921}]}