{"text":"relaxing honeymoon Just returned from a week at the Palace Macau on our honeymoon, 6 - 13 October. Was a little worried before we left as the latest reviews were not great, but we didnt need to be.Flight - very long, we not used to long haul and after sitting for an hour on the plane at manchester airport, we then had a further 9 hours which we found hard going. No problems getting to hotel, reception efficient and bags taken to our rooms. Rooms- our room did have a musty smell but was not bad enough to cause us any concern, room big and well stocked fridge.Food - Excellent ! there was just too much choice in the buffet, and was always fresh and delicious. we tried the steak house one night, which was ok, but missed the choice of the buffet. Men, make sure you wear only long trousers, not even very smart 3\/4 pants are allowed.Staff - the waiters in the restaurant were fantastic, they couldnt do enough for us and could speak a little english and as i can speak a little spanish it was fine. even the waiter by the pool and beach was great and we never got off our sunbed, he just brought over the drinks! Beach - lovely but quite windy. much nicer than sitting by the pool as there was no breeze there and got very hot. Weather much better in the mornings so suggest get up early, we on beach for 8.30am as sun was often gone by 4ish. Dont pay any prices on caribean street without haggling! we bought a small picture at $15 after knocking him down and saw the same picture in punta cana airport for $10. Also if you walk down the beach to the market stalls\/shops take care, do not go if you find it difficult to say no! the men will not take no for an answer and will not let you even walk past without looking in their shops and then follow you round picking up everything you look at. it was hard work, but we picked up a few bargains as they will take low prices to get the sales. Went on one trip on the speed boat trip. was fantastic, the staff there were brilliant and really looked after us. You do go very fast on the individual speed boats so dont take anything with you that will be damaged by water. You then snorkle off their raft and swim with the amazing fish. All this is recorded and we bought the dvd for $35 which we thought quite expensive but when watched it at home, worth the money.Entertainment - ok, the live singer was awful but we just laughed as him trying to sing elvis with a spanish accent was hysterical. The only problem we have is the smoke, everyone seems to smoke and the boeme bar and show room stinks and no one is considerant to non smokers. we always tried to sit outside on the patio to get away from it.All in all, great relaxing honeymoon, we didnt do much apart from chill out, eat and swim. If you love good food, this is the place to come. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":58,"mention":"Palace","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/The_New_York_Palace_Hotel"],"startOffset":52}]}