{"text":"Not 5 Star but they are working on it Arrived to check - in which took over 1 hour. Only 2 people at the desk registering new arrivals. Not offered a drink. I went to the bar and relunctantly I was given bottles of water. We were unaware of the Royal Service (RS )so we had to book our restaurants for the week at the concierge. We did manage to get to the restaurants we wanted .We prefer to be waited on and not do buffets and did get those type of restaurants.. From there we decided to get towels and go to the pool . At 3pm there were no clean towels and we were told to walk to the RS pool to get some. Well bad no towels , good that we went there. This pool is Adult only,( no -one under 18yrs) peaceful , elegant and has upgraded wooden sun beds. We figured out very fast this is where we wanted to spend our week. An Upgrade cost us only $25 pp, which in our opinion was definately worth it. If we had done this in advance we would have also been able to check in at the designated RS lounge (so no waiting upon arrival). A continental breakfast and pre-dinner appetizers are available in the RS lounge- worth going there as other people said lines for breakfast were horrible in the main restaurants. Restaurant wise the Bamboo, Avocado and Romatico were very good. Service is not. Having stayed at other recommended  Leading Hotels of the World this is not one and should be removed from their book until a similar standard is achieved. However, a management team from the Cancun Paradisus are here presently and are making changes! We met some great people and had fun with them. The weather was beautiful. The Spead Eagle catamaran day out was outstanding and the snorkelling better that we expected. Overall I would say a 4 star resort with potential . Cannot tell you how the place is from a view without the RS.Other people were complaining about the noise at the main pool, lines for food and standard of food being mediocre in the self service restaurants. Would visit again but like one other reviewer said there are too many other great resortss out there to visit to keep coming back and many more are better than here ","annotations":[]}