{"text":"What can I say, but Excellent? Our stay: Sept 14-20 What can I say that hasn't been covered except truely EXCELLENT!! Just a couple of helpful tips, I hope.  1. If you're not up to a lot of walking, request a room in building one, or at least close to the cascade pool. We had one overlooking the cascade pool which is central to restaurants, activities in the plasa, the theater, spa and retelatively close to the disco  botanical garden. It was refreshing to take a walk  feed the birds  fish after a visit to the spa. 2. We took advantage of the $30 pp use of whirlpool, sauna, steam rooms  cold plunge pools for the length of your stay. Very nice, you get a locker with robe  slippers and there are showers  hair dryers as well. We also did several of the spa treatments, which were very good. They have daily specials as well. I'd like to mention a few of the wonderful staff, but have to also say that I can't remember everyone's name as the entire staff is genuinely friendly  accomidating. REY: such a fantastic attritubate to the activities staff!! You are an unforgettable young man  our thaought will always be with you. Mary  Poppy DAVID  DANIEL: bartenders at the sports bar (our favorite). You guys put up with alot as we like to party! Go Boston! ROLANDO  LUCAS: the tennis guys. Keep working on your pool game. Poppy(Ed)  Mary will be back to see you. KENNY: bartender at cascade pool. Makes a great drink and always happy to see you! EDUVIGIS: bartender at the martini bar. She makes a terrific drink  is a real pleasure to talk to. I hope she has a chance to see this as I have a special message. I wanted to post the photo of her  Ed, but I'm sorry that I lost my camera and therefore can't. This is a great resort. We have been to many in the Caribbean  Mexico, as we live in south florida  travel to these areas is easy. This is the only one we intend to revisit, soely due to the staff.  Lastly, I refered to my camera being lost. This was my fault as I got really wasted on the last night of our stay. I tend to hide things in that state and wouldn't be suprised for someone to find it in some obscure place or who know's I could have left it anywhere. If, by chance, it is found. Please let the consigre at excellence have the chip  keep the camera. I'd just like to have the pics. We had a wonderful time  will return! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1260,"mention":"Boston","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Boston_cream_pie"],"startOffset":1254}]}