{"text":"I Actually Love the W, but this Was Terrible First, let me preface this review by saying that I'll probably go back to this hotel, I suspect the problems I suffered were temporary. I actually like the W and will certainly give Mexico City W a second chance. My experiences there previously were quite good.The Mexico City W is in Polanco, a great location. It's next to the JW Marriott and the Intercontinental. I've friends in the neighborhood and it's convenient to several of the meetings I have to do when in town.The hotel itself is a good example of what the W is known for: kind of hip with a nice mood, excellent service, and great surroundings.That said, my stay had some serious problems. First off, my room had no hot water two mornings in a row. Rather than move me to another room, the staff fixed the problem, but it seemed only temporarily as hot water came and went. Waited for a while but was forced to take cold showers. Needless to say, I was late for my morning meetings on both days. This is unacceptable for what is supposedly a top-end value proposition hotel.Second, the hall to my room and at times my room smelled moldy (only way to describe it). I've experienced this kind of odor in cheap hotels, but never something like the W. It became distracting after a while. I visited another floor out of curiosity and did not encounter the same odor. I've no idea what caused it. Mexico City isn't the type of climate to create excessive dampness, I don't think.I did complain and received apologies and what not from the staff, but apparently there was no room to move me to another room or maybe they just didn't feel it necessary. Or possibly, the hot water problem was something several floors were experiencing. Whatever the cause, lack of hot water and strange odors might be acceptable at a cheap tourist motel, but not at the W.That said, I'll probably give them another try before avoiding them in the future. My previous experiences with the W have been almost uniformly positive. Nonetheless, thought I'd record this terrible experience for the record. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":604,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":600}]}