{"text":"Pleasant and Affordable Just returned home after a short 5 night holiday in Sydney. Stayed at the Travelodge, after going through some rigorous hotel hunting online. They offered a very attractive price for a minimum 5 night stay.The hotel looks relatively new from the outside. Check-in at the reception was a speedy affair, with just one queue for the reception which handled check-ins, check-outs, concierge, airport shuttle bookings, luggage storage (I would imagine a long queue if the hotel was full or if there was a big group at the hotel).The rooms were simple and well-appointed. We had a 12th floor room and this came with 2 single beds, a mini-kitchenette\/corner with microwave, fridge and additional sink. While the furnishings were relatively sparse throughout the room, we felt this was more than sufficient for a very comfortable sleep. The bathrooms were relatively small, with only a shower area\/corner. This was a little problemmatic because it shares the same flooring as the rest of the bathroom, and hence, water from the shower would tend to seep out and wet the whole bathroom, making for a wet floor! Location-wise, the hotel is slightly south of Hyde Park. We walked a fair bit in Sydney. Average timings from the hotel to Circular Quay\/Sydney Opera House\/The Rocks - 20-25mins, Darling Harbour - 20mins, Chinatown - 5mins, MYER\/Pitt Street Mall - 15mins, Star City Casino - 30-35mins.Taxi to the Hotel from the Domestic Terminal at Sydney Airport came up to $26.50 including Airport tolls. The shuttle bus service that runs every half hour from the hotel cost $12 per person and is convenient if travelling alone. Otherwise, a taxi wouldn't cost much more and you would save a good 20mins spent picking passengers from the other hotels.Overall, the Travelodge Sydney offered good value for money for the price that they were charging. This was also evidenced by the popularity of the hotel, which almost always seem full of people in the mornings at the lobby. ","annotations":[]}