{"text":"The smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in! Heard some good things about this place, that it was supposed to be boutique and modern, especially being in an area that is fast becoming a hip part of Singapore. While I was impressed with the area of Keong Saik Road, I was less impressed with the hotel. I was in quite a shock when I opened door to discover the tiniest hotel room I've ever seen. I've stayed in affordable hotels in the UK, Hong Kong, and even Tokyo before where space is a luxury you have to pay for, so I know small rooms. However, those small Japanese, Hong Kong or European rooms are nothing compared to this. The bedroom here literally JUST fits the bed and about a foot of space around it. The whole bathroom is the size of a shower cubicle, no exaggeration. Only that this cubicle contains a sink and a toilet in it. So there is no way you can't wet everything in it, you're pressed up against the toilet when you stand and shower, it's really not very pleasant. What's even less pleasant is when you use the toilet, because the size of the room and glass door for the bathroom, there's no hiding possible! This room cannot be shared! Even if you are a couple and being seen in the toilet is not a problem, you won't be able to hide from the smell or noise either, because the whole room including the bathroom is confined within extremely small space. The room here is barely big enough for one person, so don't even think about trying to share here. There's also no cupboard to keep your clothes, just 2 hooks on the bedroom door and one small rail on the wall near your bed so you can use the hangers. You can't leave your suitcase out because you won't be able to walk in your room if your suitcase is on the floor. However, they have designed the room for functionality that you can store your suitcase and other belongings under your bed. Noise is another problem here. Because the bed is so close to the door, you can hear everyone walking past your room along the corridor. Makes you wonder if they can hear everything you do too. What saves this place from getting the lowest score for me is the staff. I do have to say that they are some of the nicest, and most helpful staff I have seen in any hotel, even in much more upscale and expensive ones. Everyday I was there, I would be greeted and asked about my day on my way out and when I come in. They just seemed really genuinely friendly and warm, which does make you feel better about being there. Also, free internet, free phone calls are great. The free mini-bar is not as great, I think they might be taking the word mini a bit too far. The restaurant here, Ember, is supposed to be very good, but I didn't try it. Did look at the menu and was very impressed with the creative fusion dishes, and a whole page dedicated to just foie gras dishes. My next trip Singapore I do plan to come back here just to eat at Ember. Sadly, I don't think I will be coming back to stay at 1929 again. What can I say, size DOES matter. ","annotations":[]}