{"text":"Rude Manangement - beware of charges The rooms in this hotel are fine. The beds comfortable and the cleaning staff attentive. I did notice a large discrepancy in rooms - some of our group had much less room (stepping on a bed to reach the bathroom) substandard tvs and no closets. The bathroom was fine, although in could be cleaner. My qualm is with the management more than the room itself. The internet charges are absurdly high. We were aware of this, and were careful to log on only long enough to download e-mails to work on later off-line. We averaged 3-5minutes per day. When we checked out of the hotel, we were presented with a charge of over $16 for the day we left - the time listed on the print-out was for AFTER we had packed our bags (including the computer) and had loaded them prior to going downstairs for breakfast - in other words, they were mistaken. Having been notified of their error, the manager accosted US and accused US of wrong-doing. He said his paper didn't lie, and maybe we were sadly mistaken. When I said, are you calling me a liar? he became billigerent and ruder. He of course did not refund our $16 bucks. We were traveling as the chaperones\/leaders of a college study abroad group - mostly upper level under-grads and graduate students. One night, the management called their room and said if they didn't shut up immediately, they would be thrown in the street. The manager then came to the room and threatened them. They never contacted us (they had our room number) . The manager used horribly profane language and threats witnessed by numerous patrons. When confronted with this information, the manager stated that we were stupid to believe the students over them and this never happened!!!! It should be noted that our room was near the alleged trouble-makers and we never heard a peep!!!We take groups of students as well as non-students multiple times per year over-seas. This hotel has lost thousands of dollars of business from us in future all over the arrogance and rudeness of the manager. ","annotations":[]}