{"text":"Perfect Santika Holiday We discovered this great hotel through tripadvisor.com after previous success on the website selecting the Banthai Resort in Phuket and Kumala Pantai in Bali for earlier holidays. We got as good deal through www.itchyfeet.co.nz for this hotel. The Santika is a class semi-boutique place with only about 170 rooms, and you get it without paying the 5 star prices of the more artiificial and larger Nusa Dua resorts. It's a more traditional hotel with heaps of space, clean spacious rooms, great king size bed in our room, incredibly friendly staff, good pools, and perfect location just south of Kuta.The Discovery Shopping Centre (best in Bali) is just 2 minutes walking distance, the excitment of Kuta is 5 minutes away if you want it, there are markets are just outside the Santika, and fine restaurants all closeby.However you could spend your entire vacation by the pool if you wanted too in peaceful surroundings because the Santika complex has large grounds is is set well back from the road - on the beach.ROOMS - We booked a Deluxe Room (their standard room) and was disappointed we didn't get a room with a balcony, but that was my fault, as I didn't request one when I booked. However it didn't overly matter in the end. The upstairs deluxe rooms DON'T have balcony's, but the downstairs deluxe rooms DO. The Delux rooms are right in the centre of the complex, overlooking the main pool. The Premiere Rooms all have balconies in a seperate wing with its own pool - looked really great, but you are some distance from the beachfront.Closer to the beach, the garden Double Queen (upstairs) would be my pick of all rooms, though because we are just a double will probably try the garden bungalows next time. They are awesome. However be aware there is major waterfront reconstruction is going on from Kuta all the way down towards the airport - including just offshore from the Santika.Very noisy if you have a garden bungalows room. It's mentioned on their web page on asiarooms.com If I was booking right now, I'd go for a deluxe or premier room, as you can't hear a thing day or night from there, and they are cheaper rooms anyway.WORST THING ABOUT THE SANTIKA - they don't close the main pool overnight, and on two nights some younger guests returning home from Kuta bars at 2amish threw themselves in the pool to continue their party right thru to 6am. I've suggested to management that they should just close the pools from 1am to 6am - like other hotels do. That would take care of it. FOOD - Breakfast - quite varied and good value.Other Santika restaurants - didn't try them as we like finding 'cheap eats' outside our hotel at night. Our satays by the pool were average only, but food at any hotel isn't usually a major strength.BEST BALI EATS - Febri's Restaurant (just across the road from the Santika) great simple food with ethnic and Euro selections. we ended up eating there a lot, and noticed many other Santika guests did too. Great value.Believe it or not, the best indo food we had was at the Stadium Cafe\/Bar in Kuta. The bami goreng is huge.BEST THINGS TO DO -1. Get a Driver (we used Toya who's based at the Santika Hotel - paid him about A$45 for 6 hours) and take a day trip to Ubud (we did Monkey Forest, Ubud Markets, Sanur on way back) and get driver to take you to Rapuan Cili Restaurant which is locally owned and set in the middle of ricefields. Simply amazing venue - and food is good. Could've stayed there all day - they have a good swimming pool as well. Got some great photos.Address Jl. Raya Mas - Ubud follow sign about 800m from baby statue2. Do the Sunset Dinner thing at Jimbaran Bay. We went to JBS Restaurant - food was good - they paid for a driver to take us there and return. Suspect the food's very similar at all these beach places at the bay, but it was a great experience having a table in the sand on the beach. www.jimbaranseafood.com Great staff and service.3. The scenic cycling tour run by Bali Adventure Tours is well run, and gives you a great taste of the real Bali. It's cycling all downhill. One of the best things you could do . A great day.4. Save time - the Discovery Shopping Centre just down the road from the Santika Hotel is the best place to shop - found the markets aren't as good as Phuket. Can't wait to return to the Santika, and thanks to all for recommending it on this site. Otherwise we wouldn't have found it. ","annotations":[]}