{"text":"Great People \/Great Resort = GREAT VACATION I have been home for less than 24 hours, and already looking forward to my next vacation to this wonderful Resort.As i stated in the title it is truly to the people who work there who make this resort wonderful.My sister and i arrived on the 17 of Jan for what would be the most enjoyable 2 week vacation we have ever had. Two years ago we were also in Punta Cana we did stay at a different resort, but due to some changes in the package this year compared to two years ago we decided to try something different and so the Melia Caribe was chosen.From the moment we arrived at the resort we were wisked away to the Royal Service lobby, where the ambience was that of stepping into a spa. We were the only ones on our bus who were in RS and so we were checked in very quickly. We were then driven to our room which was a Deluxe Jr. Suite. We had the 2 double beds and the room size was perfect for 2 people. The two gentlemen who helped us to our room Victor and Sergio were very helpful and walked us through the services and how and who to contact for certain requests and reservations. It was then to the Gabi Restaurant for a late dinner. This place was wonderful you had the choice of a buffet dinner or A la Carte . I would like to make reference to a particular gentleman who worked at the Gabi and who went out of his way to make every vistit to this restaraunt a special one, to Wandy i say Thank you very much. Another Thank you goes out to the young woman who cleaned our room ( i truly appologize for not getting your name) but she cleaned the units in 4324 block. Your artistic creations with some towels and Hibiscus flowers were incredible and the room was alway meticulus. We spent time in other areas of the resort and off it as well and the experiences were all the same, these people are the true treasure of this Island and the geographical beauty is a big bonus.For those of you who choose not to have RS do not worry as i truly believe that your experience will be a positive one as well.I also had a chance to play 8 rounds of Golf at the Cocotal Golf  CC with people from all parts of the world, and again the experience was great, To all the staff who work there a great big Thank you as well.There is so much i could say and i may go on forever, so if you have any questions feel free to contact me through the proper channels and i will be more than happy to answer your questions.In ending i would like to say do not hesitate to book this resort, you will not be dissapointed, and i wish i had a booked date for a return visit marked on my calendar , as i have no doubt as to whether or not i will be going back to this Wonderful Resort. ","annotations":[]}