{"text":"All excellent apart from reservation stage... I contact the hotel directly to make a reservation because i originally thought that this would be easier, and i like to get a 'feel' for a hotel prior to my visit. This hotel was recommended by my friend who stayed there in October last year, obviously a lot had changed in this time.When i called to make a reservation i was 'on hold' to speak to an agent for over 10 minutes, i asked the lady on the switchboard whether it was possible to get a call back with the answer of 'it'll only be a few minutes more, i can see that they are not so busy' I was astounded by this comment; if the reservation agents were 'not so busy' why was it taking forever to be transferred through? When i brought up this point with the lady she informed me that 'they have other things to do as well as answer calls!' This comment annoyed me more than the first.I was determined to stay on the line, my friend had told me what a great stay she had had in this hotel so i just put it down to bad training in that one department.When i finally got transferred to reservations my call was taken by a girl (i am not sure the name) but she seemed to not recognise a single word of which i was saying.. being a 4* hotel in London i found this strange. I am English, Speaking English, to an English hotel, why can they not understand me??I had to be transferred to another agent to take my call in the end because i was getting fed up after the 4th or 5th time of repeating myself.I was looking for a room, single occupancy for the best available rate..i do not understand what is wrong with this request.When i finally got transferred to the Reservations Manager i managed to book my room at the best available rate (even though later i found better options online, through www.cityinn.com) This did not bother me at first because i got to speak to someone that could understand me, thank you Aisha.Upon check in i found it hard also, the majority of staff did not seem to know how to work their computer system. I wouldn't complain if it was a problem with the actual computer but i was told on many occasions that this was definately not the case- with a gentleman informing me that the girl was 'new' and only been working with them for a few 'months' MONTHS i thought to myself.. after MONTHS of working at an establishment and not knowing how to check in??After my 2 bad experiences of facing the hotel directly i was pleasantly suprised at the excellent service in the Millbank Lounge bar. I was served by a lovely gentleman who was very polite and sympathetic. Thank You AnvirI must say that my overnight stay was very comfortable, the room was lovely and to the standard that you would expect. Check out thankfully was much smoother than the Check in.Final thoughts? I think that the front of house staff need a bit more training on how to deal with a 'private' customer but your bar staff esp Anvr are lovely. ","annotations":[]}