{"text":"Not the best I went with a friend as a last getaway before I got married (a more chill 'bachelorette' weekend) and we debated between staying at the Gran Melia and the Ritz...big mistake choosing the Gran Melia. They started off acting like you were very special (we put down the extra $$ to get royale service - definitely not worth it) and took you on a tour of the grounds before your butler dropped you off at your room. We went to dinner at their italian restaurant because the sushi place was closed for the evening and there were about three other couples there and no outside dining. The next day we kept making reservations for the sushi place but each night we would show up and they would say that it was closed and would be open the next day - with all of the so called royal service we paid for, wouldn't someone contact your room and let you know that your dinner plans were cancelled? Also, we kept getting snubbed by the Royale service - no one was in communication with anyone else. We called three times to get these special pillows they offer for their guests and each time they said they were on their way but we never received them. I felt like i was staying at a poser luxury resort. They also give you the royale service that has appetizers and drinks from 6-9. the appetizers didn't come out until 6:30 and it was a plate of crackers with some sort of olive paste... not my idea of appetizers since you get that for free at the italian restaurant. Also, the crowd was less than exciting - one night we were at dinner (the same place we had breakfast - depressing in and of itself) and a clown came over and started doing tricks for us - super awkward. the only good thing about this place was that with the royale service you get access to their RS private pool and extra towels (if you don't have RS you have to keep a card and get one very warn towel to use per day and you have to give it back or else they charge you $30) you can try to snag for free one of their palapas - however, they didn't even bring over water which i was surprised at as most luxury places in hot areas (carribbean, phoenix, california) have pitchers of cold water.All in all we'll be staying at the Ritz (same price) next time as I know they know how to treat customers. ","annotations":[]}