{"text":"Just for the points... I stayed at the Sheraton Towers for the last two weeks as I was on a two week business trip to Singapore.After reading the mostly bad reviews about this hotel I decided to book it anyway as I wanted to cross the 50 nights barrier in order to become a Starwood Platinum Preferred Guest again...I am afraid that mostly all of the bad comments about this hotel unfortunately are true. This hotel really doesn't deserve to call itself a Sheraton or be a member of the Starwood family.The design of the hotel's exterior and interior is somewhat 70s\/80s like. The same can be said for the guestrooms. It might very well be possible that this hotel used to be ahead of its time some 20 to 30 years ago, but these days the design of the rooms is absolutely outdated and somewhat musty.I stayed on the 18th floor and had a Towers Executive room with free breakfast, 8 pieces of laundry per day and free local calls included at a rate of 410,- SGD.The gym is currently undergoing some renovation so that only a temporary facility can be used.Internet access in the rooms costs you 29,- SGD for 24 hours. (usually, on the executive floor you could expect this to be also included in the room rate).The choice of TV channels offered is very limited. Although you might have around 30 different channels, only a handful (Discovery, Star Movies, Star Sports and some others) are in English. An on-demand entertainment system is not existing.The hotel is located on Scotts Road and it is a 10 to 15 minute walk to Orchard Road. If you don't like walking in the hot and humid Singapore climate you could also take a cab, however, the doorman might also tell you that it is only a short walk and that exercise is good...There is really nothing positive to say about the rooms and the hotel design so you might think that the service could probably be great, but no way. During check out I had to wait for my invoice for around 30 minutes as all the costs that originally were included in my room rate had been added to my final invoice and I had to negotiate with the reception staff to take these items off.All in all, I have to say that the best part of my stay was the 10,000 points credit that I received on my Starwood accounts for spending a small fortune in a mediocre hotel. So, if you are also a point collector you might consider this hotel just for the points. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2267,"mention":"fortune","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Fortune_cookie"],"startOffset":2260}]}