{"text":"Stay Away! I don't normally write reviews but I decided to do so this time around just to warn others of this place. I didn't have a problem with the room itself because it is actually nicely, renovated. The room is comfortable and the decor is easy on the eyes. What I have a problem with is some shady dealings with the front desk manager. A particular one name A.J.First off, when we arrived there I was told that they didn't have a reservation for me with the price that I booked it on. They have one with a higher price. And when I told him that I wouldn't have booked it for that price, he got very angry and started to spout obscenities at me and threaten to call the police. When I asked for a manager he said that he was the only manager there and the only one that could help me but he wasn't going to help me because I insulted him somehow. Finally when I agreed to pay for the room because I had nowhere else to go and handed him my credit card, he said that he will only take cash for now because the credit card machine is down. And since I will be paying in cash, they will need a $100 dollar deposit. That is when I started to smell something fishy and told him never mind. I remember a friend of mine who stayed here recently told me that they tried to do the same thing to him and when he was checking out they tried to do everything they can to keep the $100 dollar deposit. And I think my friend dealt with the same manager. I was hoping I didn't have the same experience because my friend said that the room and everything else was fine. As I was leaving he yells good luck coz the whole city is booked up for a convention. But I actually found one across the street called Castle Inn and they were much more professional and courteous and not shady like this hotel.I have stayed in many different hotels and resorts in my lifetime but have never been treated in the way this so called manager have treated me. I don't know if the whole hotel is shady as just this manager but I would warn any future travelers to go here. If you do decide to stay here, make sure you pay for exactly what you booked for and only pay with your credit card. ","annotations":[]}