{"text":"Worst price\/quality ratio I ever experienced Dear Traveller,I stayed in this hotel from 26th September to 1st October 2006 for attending a nearby conference and continuing with a weekend holiday.The entire room was run down. Everything appeared to be heavily used, not meaning to have a nice glance of patina. The bathroom was tiny with almost no room to turn around. Funnily, the wardrobe was tiny too so that it did not close with my jackets on a hanger (I am not big actually). The TV was ridiculously small and old that I never turned it on. The quality standard of the interior in general was just mediocre maybe. The room faced a street the traffic of which woke me up early as I slept with open windows. Positive about the room was that I had a separate dressing room. The breakfast I tried once at the weekend was quite typical for southern European countries, meaning modest but acceptable, but nothing to be compared with the standards of international chains. The night porter snapped at me as if I was a foreigner when I woke him up at 4 am although he checked me in and saw me several times (it is a small hotel indeed). The cleaners banged at my door at 9 am on two days despite the fact that I left my key in the lock (do not disturb signs were not available). The other personnel behaved alright though. The waiters at breakfast were very kind indeed.The room was worth at most 80 Euros a night even taking into account high prices in Florence. I should have complained about the room but simply accepted it because I wrongly remembered my room rate to be about 120 Euros; it was above 180 Euros eventually. That was my fault indeed.My colleagues I travelled with got much nicer hotels (newly refurbished rooms, excellent breakfast and central as well) for a much lower price (less than 130 Euros).I recommend to all travellers to avoid this hotel unless you exactly know the room beforehand. As it could be a jewel hopefully the owners spend some money in refurbishing the rooms.Regards ","annotations":[{"endOffset":291,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":287}]}