{"text":"Very disappointing We have just returned from 2 nights at the Hotel Omm (we had booked in for 3) and with such a great choice in Barcelona, we really feel that it is a hotel to be avoided at all costs. It is very pretentious - and possibly could be considered 'cool' by some - but it cannot deliver on the basics that you expect from a hotel (like a window in your bedroom!). We had interconnecting rooms - interconnecting though the bathroom? - one a junior suite (hardly room to swing a cat and with one tiny window overlooking the courtyard and another tiny room with what looked like two small windows. When you opened the blinds however, all you saw was a brickwall. I'm certain you should be told that one room has no windows when you make your booking. No hot water in one room and lighting that required disconnecting by the hotel electrician because it had been wired incorrectly and so could not be switched off independently. And all this for the tidy sum of 670 euros a night (excluding breakfast - which is another 20 euros pp - 6 euro extra for an egg! - we obviously found a cafe round the corner instead). The bar and restaurant area are kitted out with 'designer' furniture but in reality you are just in the lobby of the hotel (which reminded me a bit of an airport) and if you do choose to have breakfast, it would be served on the same bar you had you had rested your drinks on the night before. It claims to have a nightclub (one of our reasons for going) - again, something of an overstatement - a bloke set up some decks in the lobby bar area at about 11.30 on Saturday night - hardly atmospheric. The staff are rude and disinterested and to be honest, I didn't see many of the guests smiling either!I think the hotel can be perfectly summed up by this; when we were initially shown into our junior suite we thought it was quite spacious and light - it was only on further investigation, that we discovered that this was an illusiuon created by a very clever mirror and infact the room was half the size it appeared and was actually very dark. Much like the hotel Omm itself .... ","annotations":[]}