{"text":"great fun but watch out for the mosquitos!! Visited the ME from Dec 11-18. Two familes with young children. We have a one year old and my sister has a three  five year old. Rooms - We had a majestic junoir swim-up suite. The room looked gorgeous when you first walked in, but as the week went on we noticed that the workmanship looked rushed which was unfortunate because the finishings were beautiful. We noticed a sewage smell in our shower on most days that would only go away if you ran the shower. There also was A LOT of mosquitos. We usually travel twice a year to the carribbean and this was definitely the most mosquitos we have ever encountered. I would strongly suggest bringing room bug spray. We were told be another guest on the last day that you can tell the management about the bugs and they will spray for you. We would have been reluctant to do so with our little guy in the room as we would not have known what they were using to spray. Spoke to some people on the plane who stayed at different resorts and didn't have the same problem with bugs.That being said, it was a comfy bed and we didn't spend all that much time in the room so it was good enough for us.Beach - Amazing, amazing, amazing!! We spent our mornings on the beach every day with the kids. It was perfect! One of the best I've been to. Pretty wicked waves and undertow a few days, but I love playing in rough water. Not great for the kids, but they enjoyed the sand just as much as the water.Pool - the pool was our afternoon spot. Most of the pool has a ledge a few inches under the water that works perfectly for little ones. Food - no complaints. Found something every day that our little guy would eat. A few tummy issues amongst our group, but nothing too bad. We did eat at all of the resturants during our stay. Strongly recommend the Steak House. Staff - Fantastic!! I feel that the staff go out of their way to make your stay great. We especially found Ronnie (sea  see during the day, flavours at night), Dulce (Flavours\/Day, Steak house\/Night)  Blas (Flavours\/Day) to be exceptional. They really helped to make our stay special. I was worried because we had read about exposed wires all over the place in other reviews\/forum. There are exposed wires in many places, but I found them to be in areas that you shouldn't be walking anyway! eg, ponds  gardens I didn't find them to be close to the walking paths or within reach of tiny hands.We also had a great photo session with Kelvin  Fillipe and had some casual pictures taken by Laura on the beach one day. We are very pleased with the pictures we purchased. All in all, one of my favourite vacations ever. The resort is going to be amazing when it is all done, but it is wonderful right now as well. There is lots of work going on, but I didn't find it interfered with my vacation. Would be pleased to answer any questions. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":2008,"mention":"Dulce","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dulce_de_leche"],"startOffset":2003}]}