{"text":"Wonderful Time at Catalonia My sister and I stayed at the Catalonia from Dec 11th to the 18th and had a great time! I emailed the resort ahead of time requesting a Villa in the middle of the resort which we recieved! Grounds: BEAUTIFUL! Everything about the grouds was amazing. The water features, the birds, the plants were so amazing. I did not see any misquitos and the staff kept the grounds very clean.Food: The food was ok, but i have been to 2 other resorts in the D.R and have found this to be the same. Lots of variety at the buffet... the a la cartes were awesome.... the food was ok but the expereince was great! We enjoyed the steakhouse the best!Rooms: Yes they are alittle out dated, but this is the oldest resort in Punta Cana, besides you are not there to spend time in your room. The maid service was great.... flowers all over the room, but it depends on the maid you get. I heard other people state that they did nmot recieve flowers etc and had some things go missing, so do lock up any valuables in the safe.Bar: The bars are great. The lobby bar is wonderful. Everynight they have a different side bar making special drink ie. coco loco from a coconut, specialty coffee. The staff were so great and always quick to give us our drinks. Beach: The beach was very nice. There is some seaweed, but staff are on the beach everyday a few times a day raking it up. The seaweed is not a bother at all. The water was clear and gorgeous. Never a problem finding lounge chairs on the beach no matter what time of day. Pool: The pool was very nice. It can be difficult to find loungers by the pool. Try the pizzaria by the pool, it was awesome. Entertainment: Animation staff were great..... always something going on but if youd rather not particpate they are not pushy. The shows at night were alot of fun. The dancers are ok but the humour shows are halarious.Tips: The creperie is sooooo good which is located by the shopping centre. There is a flea market on both sides of the beach... the one to the right is better... more variety and the people are nicer and less pushy. Security is amazing here. They keep track of everyone who walks off the resort and go beyond the boundaries to keep an eye of those at the flea market. We did the zipline excursion and had an awesome time.... very very safe and a real blast. And for those who complained that the staff dont speak english.... your ignorant because they spoke great english and it is their country... no one expects you to know different langauges. The staff in fact spoke 2-4 langauges. I never once had a problem communicating with them. Have a great time because this sort is very very nice. Overall it is a bit older and the food is just ok but everythign else was wonderful! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1191,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1185}]}