{"text":"would definitely go there again We just came back from a wonderful stay at this resort. We agree with previous reviewers that the El Patio restaurant buffet was better than the one ala carte restaurant we tried so we did not venture to try any other.The food was always of a wide variety and there was something to suit any taste. I especially loved the way vegetables were prepared and the abundance of them. This is the first of 4 all inclusive resorts we visited where I did not have to go out very early in the morning to reserve shaded lounge chairs. There are sooooo many beautiful palm trees to park your lounge chair under and if you can't find one, the beach boys will help you. Lots of sunny space and chairs on beach too. Animation team was good but did not go out of their way to engage vacationers in the scheduled activities. Evening programs were a nice variety with the exception of the MISS show which we thought was in very poor taste for several reasons (sexual comments and violence implied). The room was always immaculate and maid always left some fancy decoration with flowers.Only updating we would suggest would be new bedspreads. We did not get the feeling that hotel and beachstaff was seeking tips. In fact the times we did try to tip we found often the waiter would quickly move on before you could give him \/her the tip. At no time did we experience any unpleasantness among the staff who was always very friendly. Grounds,outdoor seating options were just beautiful and we loved the evening lounge entertainment. Beach area was what we expected...wide, beautiful.  Men be prepared to wear long pants every day for dinner in the buffet restaurant.we saw one guest turned away because he was wearing shorts...ala carte restaurants did not require long pants which we found different from other all inclusives. Also, although the electric outlets are for 120V...my curling iron plug did not fit...had to ask for an adapter plug at front desk (5$deposit) .With a little muscle power my husband did get plug to go in the adapter, which then fit in the wall outlet. One final suggestion, if you are going to consider any excursions, try the half day outback safari...it was well worth the price. We hightly recommend this resort. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":868,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":864}]}