{"text":"Decent hotel, minor issues My husband and I came here for a few days to visit his company headquarters. I worked for two solid days in the hotel. Generally the stay was better than expected, given some of the reviews on Tripadvisor.Pluses1. Rooms were pretty clean, lots of space, and had appropriate amenities.2. I was in the room when housekeeping came each day and they did a good job cleaning quickly and quietly (I was on the phone most of the time).3. Hot breakfast buffet was included each day, although choices were relatively limited. We opted not to have breakfast the second day.4. Room service for lunch was fast and hot. Menu has some good choices.5. Customer service was generally courteous and friendly.6. Fantastic location downtown, just a few blocks from Pike Place and one block from Westlake. Lots of great restaurants and shopping around here.Minuses1. We had problems with outbound calls. First night we tried one phone and had to have the front desk release the line for outbound calls. Second day I tried another phone and had to call again to get it released. This one never worked, so I usedmy cell phone the entire time I was here.2. The room is not really set up for working. No speaker phone or mute capability.3. TV didn't work one morning; all the channels were snow.4. Pay movies didn't work; got a message that the movie had to be ordered at the front desk. Called to ask them to order it and they said they'd take care of it. Movie never started.5. Water pressure and heat are acceptable but lower than we'd like.6. We were two doors down from the elevator, so we could hear people noise when they were waiting outside. Fortunately not too much noise from neighbors (although the headboards rattle anytime you move on the bed).7. Within a few blocks of the hotel you can find a lot of vagrants and other people at loose ends. When we had dinner last night just a couple blocks away, two bike cops were frisking and interrogating two young men right against the window where our table was situated.8. Pike Place Market shuts down at the end of the day, so don't wait to see it at night.I would consider staying here again if the rate were right ($250-300 seems steep). ","annotations":[]}