{"text":"Awesome View, Great Location, Facility Upkeep is Average My wife and I stayed at this hotel the weekend of June 16, 2007. The views are nothing short of breathtaking--especially at night. We had a river view. The hotel is located just a three block walk from Grand Central Station and about a 30 minute (lesiurely) walk from Times Square. It is far enough from Times Square to be away from the hustle and bustle, but cose enough to be accessible. You can even take a subway from Grand Central to Times Square if you like.The staff was very friendly. We especially liked one of the doormen, named Eddie. Unlike others, we did not get an upgrade when we arrived. I would think that over a weekend, they were available, but they were not offered. We didn't ask, so we assume part of the responsibility.The lobby looks very elegant with lots of black and emerald green marble. There are also lots of mirrors. The rooms are light and bright with a contemporary feel. We thought they wewren't as clean as they could be. There was hair in the bathtub and the tile showed signs of mildew. It looked like the floor hadn't been mopped. The walls had lots of scuff marks on them. These are little things that we would not expect from a hotel of this caliber. It definitely has 4 star potential, but they need to keep it up. There is a small fitness center and a nice size indoor swimming pool. Both have awesome views. There is also an indoor tennis court.Snacks are in the room and there is a mini bar at the expected exhorbinant (sp) prices. No vending machines in the hotel, but there is a delie two or three doors away from the hotel if you want to purchase snacks. Internet access is available for a fee. I guess I would say that in terms of amenities, I have gotten more for my money at cheaper hotels, but in terms of the facility and the views, this was a good bargain. They just need to pay attention to detail in the cleanliness and upkeep department. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1355,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1351}]}