{"text":"A real Gem! We really loved it! My husband booked a 4 day break at the beginning of April for my 40th birthday. We had used Trip Advisor to choose this hotel and booked via AirMiles. I should say straight away that we are fussy. I hate dirt, unkemptness etc and was apprehensive about going. I really needn't have been as this hotel is absolutely marvellous. I can't recommend this strongly enough. We stayed in the Prelude room for a supplement per night. The room and the hotel is clean, romantic and has a certain elegance which brings a special air to any special occasion. The main foyer\/bar area is lovely and has a real touch of class. Unfortunately, my husband fell as we walked around Paris on our first day. This gave us lots of opportunity to use all the hotel's facilities as I nursed him before travelling home on the 4th day. Room service (breakfast, lunch and dinner) was great, dry cleaning is prompt and done well, there is access to the internet in the main lobby, the rooms are clean, well decorated and appointed with everything one could need, but the real praise must go to the owner of this family run business and her handpicked staff. Each member of staff no matter what their job (both daytime and night-time staff) treated us like members of the family and did all they could to help us and offer us a special stay. This really did feel like a home from home and with my husband so poorly, this was really welcome. We had a taxi (arranged by the hotel before arrival from CDG to the hotel). The driver is lovely and helped us greatly. If you are looking for a hotel with style, class, elegance and romance, where every personal touch and attention to detail is given to your stay, then this is the one. The metro and local buses are within close walking distance and the area is lovely and exactly what I expected from a holiday in Paris.Would we return? Most definitely. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":240,"mention":"dirt","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Dirt_cake"],"startOffset":236}]}