{"text":"Punta Ratta In a paragraph or two the title will become obvious: I was reluctant to post such a bad review, but my friends urged me to do so with the hope of saving others from the misfortunes that befell my family. The first night consisted of minor inconveniences, i.e. the toilet in our room didn't work and there was only one bed in the room my teenagers were in so my six foot three son ( the younger one) slept on the couch. He woke up with insect bites all over his body. The next night after a day in the sun and mediocre food we returned to the room to sleep. At about one o'clock AM I was awakened to the screams of my wife. There was a rat on her arm in bed! She flung it off and I chased it into the closet. Housekeeping sent someone up with a towel to catch it, but he was gone into a crevice behind the closet. All night we could hear him clawing at the glass door.  The next morning we were moved to two new suites with a complimentary fruit and cheese plate and some wine and with the assurance that we would be taken care of before we left.. With ten minutes to go to catch the shuttle to the airport they wanted me to sign a paper saying we would take one free night in return for our  inconvience. The manager, a Teutonic gentleman, said,  You come to the Dominican Republic and you don't expect to see rats?  I replied, Not in my room, on my wife's arm ,I don't.When I told him I saw three others he said that was because I was looking for them. We declined the offer. My travel agent on Long Island said she would never send anyone there. She got them to up there offer to three nights, room only, no meals. I said forget it. I will never stay at a Sol Melia Property again. Such callous disregard for guests is something I could never tolerate. I am a world traveler, not a complainer.   The food was mediocre, as I mentioned with pork chops as a prime example served three different ways depending on the restaurant. French with cream sauce; Italian with tomato sauce; and Mexican with tomato sauce and peppers. Please! There was such a lack of imagination.  You may think this story was horrible enough, but it isn't over. We had jewelry and perfumes stolen from our luggage at the airport and were sold counterfeit cigars that were worthless.Punta Ratta , at Sol Melia Tropical was the trip from hell!!! ","annotations":[]}