{"text":"Just OK, ended negatively, unfortunately I felt it was not only necessary but my obligation to write a review on this hotel after staying there last weekend. I read the Trip Advisor reviews and read pros and cons to this hotel. I couldn't decide which to really consider prior to going there. The room I had was a double (2-single beds). The cleanliness was just okay, the bathroom was fine, good shower, the beds were just ok, the breakfast in the mornings were ok the dining room was freezing every morning and the food was basic but good. THE STAFF (uggh...here we go...) How do I say this without sounding unreasonable. Firstly, the asian young woman, and an elderly man greeted us when we arrived in the evening. They were pleasant, and easy to speak to. Unfortunately the warm feeling, ended there. The other staff in the mornings, did not greet us as we entered the lobby EVERY time. They did not smile, they did nothing which felt awkward. A male (manager?) asked us to turn in our room key to him every time we left the hotel. When we asked why he said it is to know when we are there in case someone calls for us. He asked me where my key was, I reached in my pocket and held it up. He asked where the medallion\/attachment was and why I had the key just by itself. I told him the medallion was too big and too heavy to carry around. (It weighs almost 1\/4 lb and was big and bulky and detached easily from the key) He stated that the CELLAI hotel specifically has the BIG HEAVY item to attach to the key because AMERICANS like it that way...they did it FOR THE AMERICANS. I said I wasn't going to carry anything more than I have to when I'm traveling throughout Tuscany. He rolled his eyes and turned his gaze away in disparagement. VERY AWKWARD. We saw this man on 2 mornings following and he never greeted us when entering the hotel from shopping nor when we passed through the lobby on our way to breakfast. Another woman who worked at the front desk (mousy brown hair, heavier woman) was the person who checked us out. When I told her we were checking out and gave her the key she asked if we had anything from the BAR. I said no. She said okay...and proceeded to write on a piece of paper not looking at me. I asked, Is that it? She looked up and said Yes. I paused purposely to see if she'd say at least Thank you...but nothing. No good bye,  no THANK YOU FOR STAYING HERE WITH US, No nothing. RUDE RUDE RUDE. I will NEVER stay at this hotel even if it's the last option in Florence. The customer service was HORRIBLE except for the lovely asian woman and the man that works w\/her. I own 2 businesses in America and customer service is paramount. If you are lucky enough to avoid the Morning Man and the mousy brown-haired woman, you will be okay with your stay. ","annotations":[]}