{"text":"Far from a 4-star resort!! I wouldn't go there again!!! We (2 adults and 2 children) spent 10 days this July for our summer vacation in the Flamenco in Punta Cana. We can't tell you enough how unhappy we were with our experience there! Although the layout and the looks of the outdoors of this resort were impeccable, well maintained and clean, we felt that the rooms were very poorly maintained, in need of major repairs, and possibly renovation. Most of all however, we found that the basic service required by the staff was lacking!!! In most places in the world that are rated as 4-star resorts, the staff go above and beyond of the call of duty to keep their customers happy. In the above-mentioned resort however, minimum service was often inexistent! To give some examples: in the buffet area, it seemed very hard to get someone to set the table to get silverware, napkins, coffee, drinks, etc., in several occasions. Often enough they also run out of clean plates, spoons, glasses, and we had to wait outside the kitchen door for someone to appear with a clean load!!! The beach towel shack run out of clean towels everyday, by 1pm!!! In more than one occasions the maid forgot to place towels in our room, and even after we called the customer service desk three times, we did not get towels until 45 minutes later. There was no one at the pool area asking if we would like a drink from the bar. We had delicious drinks, but we had to bring them ourselves from the bar. The room we were given at first at 10:00pm, after an adventurous and exhausting flight and drive from Santo Domingo, had a leak on the ceiling and a puddle of water right in front of the door. One side of the room had moisture on the wall with the paint peeling off. The sliding door to the balcony wouldn't lock, the air conditioning didn't work. 2 of the 5 light fixtures didn't work either and the toilet wouldn't flush. Instead of changing our room they sent maintenance to deal with all these issues that late at night, when our two children were passed out on the bed. The next day we requested a different room and the one they offered was worse than the one we had before: as soon as you entered the room an intense smell of mold overtook you!!!!!! Finally after calling our travel agency and spending considerable time on the phone, the manager assigned us to the Model Room which in fact was very nice and everything worked. It was aggravating and stressful to get there however! One should not have to get upset, call the travel agents, and ask to speak to a manager in order to get a descent room to spend 9 nights in!!!!! Anyway, we feel that this is most certainly NOT a so-called 4-star hotel, far from it, in fact!!!!! We would not attempt to stay in any of the Occidental hotels in our future vacations, after having such a negative experience there!!!!! We also think that Punta Cana is over-rated. The beach is really nice (although the ocean water is rather rough). Any attempt to leave the resort and visit anything else, will bring you in close contact with a Third-World-Country!!I would take Aruba, or the Bahamas, or Saint Thomas anyday, over Punta Cana!!!! ","annotations":[{"endOffset":887,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":881}]}