{"text":"Great Vacation Let me begin by stating that this was our first time staying at an all-inclusive. My wife and i are in our mid 50's and have gone on cruises for the past ten years. This year we were looking for something different. Most of my comparisions will be to a cruise. First of all, the Riu Macao is a gorgeous Hotel. Very tropical. Our room was large and very clean. There were no odors as listed in other reviews. We had a very nice balcony that overlooked the pool. We didn't spend too much much time in the room, but when we did it was a pleasant experience. You will need an electrical adaptor. American plugs don't work in their outlets.  There were many more Europeans at the Macao than Americans. I'm not saying that this was bad, Just another thing that was different from our cruising experience. The beach was absolutely beautiful. White powder sand, palm trees, ice blue water. We've been to many beaches in the Caribbean and this one may have been the nicest. There were plenty of beach chairs and there was always someone to help you get set up. It did appear that there was a shortage of chairs around the pool. This didn't effect us, as we were at the beach most of the time. On our first two nights, we made reservations at the specialty restaurants. I wasn't impressed with either one. Not saying the food was bad, but on a cruise, if you go to a speciality restaurant, the food and service is always otstanding. We ate at the bufett for the rest of the week. The was good(not great , but good). You always had plentty of choices, we just missed the attention that you get at diner on a cruise. The breakfast bufett was great. Eggs made to order. cereals, fruits. All the normal stuff and it was alll very good.. Now to the booze. One of my favorite drinks is vodka\/cran. I don't think that they had any cranberry juice in the entire Domonican Republic. I quickly acquired a taste for vodka\/tonic. The lack of cran also impacted my wife as one of her favorite drinks is a cosmo and you can't make a good cosmo without cran. They really didn't seem to have any top shelve drinks. The best vodka was stoli and the best gin was beefeaters. The only beer that you could get was local beer . It was actually pretty good.Overall, the booze and the food were a cut below cruise quality. Both were acceptable, but not great. They had some type of entertainment every night. We went the first night and it was a tribute to Michael Jackson-- that was enough for me- he's creepy enough in the USA. I don't need to see the Domonican version. The lobby bar was good. You actually seem to get a better quality drink there. I would recommend that you try the bars in some of the other RIU propertities. I must also comment on the staff. Everyone was always smiling and cheerful. it was almost spooky. How could they like their job that much. Everyone was very helpful and they did not expect a tip. On several occassions, I actually had to chase them for the tip. Overall it was a very relaxing vacation, more so than a cruise. Howver the food and beverages are better on a cruise. I will definately do an all-inclusive again and I would consider going back to the Macao. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":855,"mention":"White","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/White_bread"],"startOffset":850}]}