{"text":"absoloutely loved this place My boyfriend and I stayed here for two weeks in August 2007. We are both in our early 20's and we absoloutely loved this place.It was the first time we had stayed all inclusive and this resort catered for all of our needs. I think we spent about 拢300.00 in the whole two weeks, and that was mostly used on tips, suncream and a day out.When you arrive at the airport it is a hut made of what looks like straw and you are met by traditional Dominicans playing music for you. Its lovely and very effecient. Check in was fast and effecient (met with an ice cold smoothy, just what we needed).We had a room right at the front by the main restaurant and bar. This could get a little loud of a night time due to the bar, but it didnt really bother us as we were usually at the bar until the enterainment finshed anyway. It was handy to just wake up in the morning and breakfast was only across the pathway. Please be aware it is so hot here. I made the mistake of not putting any sun block on at all on our first day (silly I know), and I have never been in so much pain, my whole body was red raw for days and I was given antibiotics etc from the Chemist. I had to stay in for four days! PLESE WEAR CREAM. The resort is spotless, it was always being cleaned and our maid was great. It does help if you just leave a coupkle of dollars every few days or so for your made, they really appreciate and clean your room with that special touch. The entertainment was fab, very light hearted but always funny. Lots of activities going on in the day time, the animation team are really friendly. We found the food to be great. I am quiet a fussy eater and I never stopped eating, there is something for everyone and all meal times. Plus you also have the beneift of using the sister hotel and all of their facilities\/restaurants if you fancy a change of scenary. The Cajun and Japenese restaurants were lovely, weren't so keen on the mexican or steakhouse though. The landscape is beautiful, there are peacocks and flamingos just pottering around the place. The pool area is fab, pool bar and swim up bar great, the service is spot on too, our waiter would see us without a drink and just bring a couple over for us. The beach was amazing, so clean and you can always get beds and there is a beach bar too. We were a bit worried that we would get bored here, but if you're like us and like to go on holiday to just relax and chill out then this resort is a must. We only went on one trip which was the Monstor Truck. Its a whole day out on a big open truck (it can be quiet bumpy!), you see how the village people live, explore the city, go to a local school, go up the mountains, you go horseriding and end the day at a gorgeous beach. There is a nightclub here, about six speciality restaurants, spa, chemist, bank, general shop etc (no newspapers or magazines), everything you could need really. Girls - please note due to the electricity here my hairdyer wouldnt work properly and was just blowing a mere whistle out, just a word of warning if like me you need to blow dry your hair - mine was left wet for two weeks. We didnt see any bugs at all although please use mosquito repelant of a night, we did and my boyfriend only got bit once!On the flight coming homke we upgraded our flight seats to Premiet at 拢100.00 each. This was at a half price discount and was well worth it as my boyfriend is over 6ft and the journey was made so much comfy. Overall this place is wonderful, far exceeded our expectations and would definately return here in a few years. ","annotations":[]}