{"text":"Hostel Masquerading As A Hotel We stayed in a standard double room which was 2 single beds pushed together. If your room is on the second floor, it is the attic level so your outside wall will be a sloping one. Unfortunately for us we were in a corner room so we had 2 sloping walls.We walked into our room and with one step from the door were the beds - our room was the width of 2 single beds pushed together. The 2 sloping walls meant we could only stand upright near the door. It felt like we were living in a tent. I saw into other rooms along this floor and they were all of a similar size.The bathroom was small with a corner sink the size of the ones found in airplane toilets. My husband found it awkward to shave in. The bathroom was also very mouldy - the bottom layers of tiles had mold growing around them and in all the corners. There was no where to hang the towels - you have to put your towels on the bed and lean out to grab them (no great feat seeing the size of the room).The beds were saggy and my mattress was broken at the foot of the bed. That wasn't the only broken thing - the window was broken and wouldn't close which was Ok as being in the roof meant it got really stuffy during the warm days although pigeons kept coming in to sit on the window sill. There is a small plastic clothes rack that was broken too but we managed to prop it up in the small space. We then had to call down to ask for coathangers - why provide a rack without hangers - so they generously gave us just 2. There was no rubbish bin in the room either.The walls and also the door are extremely thin. We were woken the next morning by what sounded like someone vominting outside our door. I looked out but it was coming from across the hall behind a closed door. I can hear people's conversations behind closed doors when walking along the hallway.The area is only a quick 10 minute metro ride downtown (at least 45 minutes if you tried to walk it) but we found only 2 places to eat and drink in within a 10 minute walk - nothing in the area to do.If you're claustrophobic or don't like hostels, DON'T stay here. This hotel is not hostel -priced however so if you're looking for a hostel, you're better off staying in the hostels that are closer to the city centre which are cheaper. I can't recommend this hotel for anyone. ","annotations":[]}