{"text":"Great Place to Relax and Escape Life's Hub bub We wanted to spend a week away and get some sun and relaxation without a lot of cost or multiple plane changes. Coming from NY, Puerto Rico seemed like a good option. So we checked out the Trip Advisor reviews, looked at the hotel prices and decided on the Copamarina Beach Resort. We were not disappointed. We flew from Newark into Aguadilla arriving after midnight and the drive to the resort was straightforward -- though you absolutely need a rental car. From the town of Guanica to the resort, you do have to drive along a narrow, windy road, so drive slowly and carefully especially at night. The resort was quiet, with excellent facilities. The pools and hot tubs were perfect for relaxation. And it was an easy drive to towns such as Ponce. We also spent a day going to El Yunque -- a fascinating spot but not an easy drive at all from Guanica -- I'd suggest saving it for a different trip (e.g., from San Juan or the Eastern shores of Puerto Rico).The hotel's restaurant is excellent, but we wanted to try other places as well. We enjoyed Rinc√ã¬\u2022?n Argentina in Ponce and Pito's Seafood, on Route 2, East of Ponce -- the service and food was excellent at both. The Blue Marlin in Guanica was fun and provided local color. There are plenty of fast food places around as well if you prefer that. The hotel staff were friendly and polite. The grounds were immaculately kept. They have a computer set up in a lounge for checking email. When it was down on one of the days, they let us use their office computer to print out our boarding passes.Some of the other reviews have commented on the beach. My step-daughter complained about sand flies at the beach but was quite content to sun herself by the pool. I went to Gilligan's Island and enjoyed the water, but didn't find it as impressive as the reviews would suggest. And the snorkeling was also unimpressive (lots of fish, but most were fairly drab). Apparently, they had to dock the boat in a different location because of hurricane damage so this may have accounted for the discrepancy in the reviews. The dry forest was interesting. The hotel distributes an excellent, illustrated brochure for those interested in hiking through it and seeing the botanical and animal life. The rooms were clean, comfortable and in typical Caribbean style. One night there was a family with multiple loud children in the adjoining room but they left the following day. We couldn't tell if the walls were thin or the sound was traveling through the door that connected our room to theirs. Or whether they were just extremely loud children. (But we think it was the latter.) I suspect they were less elegant than the rooms in the hotels on the East Coast; they were definitely less elegant that the rooms in the beach hotels where I've stayed in San Juan such as the Caribe Hilton. But our week's stay cost us about 1\/3 of the price that we would have spent at any of those places for 3 travelers\/2 rooms. Overall, the Copamarina was just what we wanted: a quiet, friendly, laid-back, relaxing spot to catch some rays and get a flavor for the area. We'd be quite happy to return at any time! ","annotations":[]}