{"text":"Good location, some issues. Our stay started out on the wrong foot. When I called the number on the Acacia website, and got about 3\/4 through my reservation they told me I called Wind Chimes! So, I had to call the REAL Acacia number and started my reservation again--only to be told that they wouldn't take my 2 night reservation as they felt stays less than 3 nights was disruptive. Feeling slightly put off but not completely dismayed, I called Wind Chimes and told the lady what happend (she noted that the man at Acacia was probably just being lazy) and completed my reservation.Fast forward to check in day--the hotel has a wooden door on the street, then you go up some steps to get to the REAL door. After lugging our bags up and in...and waiting about 15 mins for the receptionist to get off the phone. We are told that we were upgraded to the Acacia--even though she framed it as an upgrade I was a little upset at having to haul my luggage down the stairs and down the street to a new hotel--that I wanted to stay at in the first place! We sucked it up and headed to Acacia. When we get there, the night desk man (who I suspect is the same man who wouldn't take my reservation in the first place), tells us just how lucky we were to get upgraded and how fortunate we were. He was very condescending treating us like poor bumpkins who lucked out at getting an upgrade when we wanted to stay their in the first place. He also proceeded to chide us on our choice visit Rincon-he did his very best to talk us out of going..which was pretty annoying since we weren't asking for opinions about it.We got a balcony room on the second floor--caution they don't have an elevator, which is understandable, but they don't have a bellman, so good luck getting your luggage upstairs! Our balcony faced a parking lot and the roof, no view whatsoever! So there was no point in the balcony at all.Lastly, the front doors are glass, covered by a curtain that through certain angles people can see you through.We had to rig something up so people couldn't see us lying in bed!On the good side, the hotel is clean and nice looking, excellent location, and the hot tub is fantastic!!!! The crew at the bar at Wind Chimes are excellent!. Would I stay again? Probably not. ","annotations":[]}