{"text":"Great Place and People-Dissappointing Food! Date: April 21-28Very beautiful and clean resort. We travelled with 11 people and had 4 rooms in building #1 in the Golden section. It was great being closest to the beach and pool. There also was an indoor and outdoor restaurant close by so that we didn't need to travel to the main lobby area. The resort is huge but the trams come every 2-3 mins- even at 2:00 a.m. in the morning. They are always cleaning and maintaining the resort inside and out and the staff are most friendly. The big dissappointment was the food. This was our 4th all inclusive (2-DR and 2-Mex). We have never experienced such poor a la carte dining anywhere. I can say that we never experienced a single poor a la carte at any of the other 3 resorts- Here we had 4 bad experiences.Don't do the lobster beach BBQ- as others have mentioned it is not so good without the lobster. I felt so bad for the wedding party beside us who obviously were looking forward to a nice meal. The Groom was very distraught- don't blame him!The BBQ steak was like chewing on your boot!The Japanese was probably our best outing however if you are looking for authentic taste and presentation- you'll be disappointed- I would give it a 5 out of 10.We thought the next night at the Italian restaurant would restore our pallet. We arrived and found 2 people from 2 separate tables returning the food on their plate. 1 from our table had to do the same.Finally came the Steak house. We arrived once again to have the table beside us very upset with their meals. The 7 of us who ordered the rib steak couldn't cut the meat. Bring a steak knife. 2 from our group ordered the tenderloin- it was the only meat that was edible.I have never experienced such poor quality of food for a la cartes. I have never witnessed so many people returning food.It's too bad because the place really is beatiful. It is great for families kids and even singles. Our 19 year old lived every night at the Disco- meeting girls every night- he had a blast.With some effort on the a la carte dining this could be a 5 star facility however I would rate it a 31\/2 or 4 max. The beaches are definetly 5 star. Even better than when we stayed further down the beach at the Paradisus. You can't even compare the dining at the 2 facilities.Tim- Toronto Canada ","annotations":[{"endOffset":987,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":983}]}