{"text":"Charming hotel For our first trip to Florence we chose Orto de Medici based on the reviews on this website. We weren't disappointed.The hotel is located slightly north of the main tourist attractions of Florence. However it is only a 5-10 minute walk to the Duomo. Piazza San Marco is just around the corner and there are plenty of buses available from here (numbers 7, 10 and 32 go to the station). There are several restaurants close to the hotel and the manager's recommendations are listed at reception. We visited two of these and both were more than adequate.Our room (22) was very large and clean, if basic in its amenities. The bathroom was also large. It was fine but the bath had no shower screen meaning it was difficult to take a shower without soaking the floor. We did ask to be moved to another room and were told this was possible although we ultimately decided not to bother. The room was at the front of the hotel and therefore suffered from some street noise early in the morning. I'm sure if we'd asked we could have been relocated to the back of the hotel which overlooks the terrace and would have been quieter.Upon arrival at the hotel we were offered a complimentary cocktail on the terrace that evening - a nice touch. The terrace was lovely and the bar is open from 6-8pm each night but drinks cost 6 euro each! Instead we bought supplies from the supermarket around the corner opposite the Accademia and drank these on the terrace each evening. Breakfast was a typical continental selection available from 7.30-9.30. Maybe we were unlucky, but on one morning when we went at 9.20 they seemed reluctant to accept us so we left without any breakfast that morning. The common areas of the hotel were grand and stylish. The internet for guests to use was useful although it's a shame there is no wireless connection available.Staff in general were very helpful and friendly. I would recommend this for anybody's first visit to Florence., ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1236,"mention":"nice","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Nice_biscuit"],"startOffset":1232}]}