{"text":"Was perfect for my stay I had a great time staying at the Adolphus around New Year. It was in an ideal location for my stay and the staff were very friendly, particularly the bellmen and a technician who came to help with the dvd player in my room (there was a slight problem with it but nothing major.) The hotel was very helpful when the airline temporarily lost one of my cases and made sure it was returned to me safely. One bellman in particular, who I believe may be the one noted in other reviews, was especially sweet, chatting to me and helping me out a lot. I'm bemused by the comments that you could hear things through the walls\/ceiling as I didn't find this to be the case at all. I was on around the 14th floor I think, definitely quite high, and I didn't experience this. There may have been some noise through the windows but as I live on a main road back home in England I'm so accustomed to the noise of traffic and people at night that I don't really notice. It was certainly not distracting and did not affect my sleep at all. Room service food was pricey but this is true of many hotels and I only needed to use it once during my week long stay. The food was warming and hearty, and the lady who brought it was very polite. We ate once in the dining room (not the French room or the Rodeo Bar) and the food was fine. Overall I had a lovely stay. My room did not have a musty smell, and was bright and clean. The only negative point I would say is that we did have some experience of the extra charge anomalies that some reviewers have mentioned - the hotel tried to charge again for valet parking when the final bill was settled but these charges had already been paid on a daily basis. However it took just a minute for me to explain, the situation to be rectified and the bill to be correct. I would definitely stay here again if was suitable for my circumstances. I splashed out on a stay there because the location etc were helpful to me as a lone traveller (I am returning to Dallas next month and staying in different hotel because of a different situation) but generally speaking there are probably hotels with better amenities (pool etc). Overall I would admit that although it is lovely it's perhaps not 'luxury' in the way that word might imply but I did not encounter the negatives others have cited and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. ","annotations":[]}