{"text":"Fantastic staff make this one of the best hotels in Paris I recently spent a long weekend at the Keppler with my boyfriend, staying in a superior room. It was simply the best trip I have had anywhere in ages, thanks in no small part to the fantastic service at the Keppler. I certainly won't be trying out any other hotel in Paris any time soon.In the interests of full disclosure - a couple of things you should know about the hotel:* The rooms are small, even by Parisian standards. They are fine if you are planning to be out and about for most of the time (and why wouldn't you, this is Paris!), but there isn't much space to work for example, or sit down anywhere other than the bed.* Whilst our room was beautifully decorated and spotless, the design of the wardrobe doors isn't very smart. In a small space, a sliding door would have enabled good access to the wardrobe - instead it has folding doors which can't quite open because the bed is in the way.* Rue Kepler is a quiet side street and most taxi drivers don't have a clue where it is. Ask for Rue du Bassano, pres d'Avenue Marceau and Rue Kepler is on the right.Now for the main plus points (there are more, but the review would be too long):* The design is funky, but well thought through. There are comfortable places to sit in the common areas, with a mix of books and magazines in English, French and other languages.* Really good triple glazing in the rooms. You can't hear a thing outside when the windows are closed.* The bar is small and you wouldn't want to spend all evening there, but the cocktails are excellent. You almost feel like they are being made for you in your own front room.* Good breakfast by Parisian standards, and the breakfast room is light and welcoming (despite being sub-ground) thanks to a clever atrium\/lightwell.* Even though the hotel was full when we stayed, we rarely saw other guests and there were no queues for reception on arrival or departure. Really felt like we were one of the only people at the hotel.* Finally and most importantly, the amazing staff. Nothing was too much trouble, whether it was finding us a reservation at a 2* Michelin restaurant for dinner, or recommending a day trip, or returning some lost property to us. Phillipe and Roman, in particular, could not have been more helpful or charming and really made the stay for us. ","annotations":[]}