{"text":"Great Stay What a great stay. We went for a Seahawk game and it was awesome. The only downfall was the view at the building next to us, but we didn't complain. The room is was huge and the staff was helpful. We booked under the hotels website for the Seahawk package. No charge for parking and got a voucher for a taxi. Only problem was that the taxi driver didn't want to accept the voucher and barely spoke English. Funny thing was is that I speak Arabic and called him on it he started making comments about my girlfriend on his cell phone to his buddy. It took him a second to realize what I just said to him and the fact that I could speak his language, His face was priceless. He still was an ass and I told him off. That is to be said about anywhere in a large city. I told the head Doorman of the issue and he called the cab company promply for me to get an answer why they didn't take it. He apologized and offered to pay for the taxi. It was only a few bucks as you are 2 miles from the stadium. If you go for any game, plan on a taxi to get there...but the return you are going to be humpin it back. It was great walk though and we didn't mind. It was right before Christmas was wonderful to see all the lights. You will see the homeless stowed away in some of the building entrances, but they leave you alone for the most part. Police presence is not the greatest in that area as they are down at the stadium. Most activities was within 7 blocks (Pike Street, waterfront, etc) and great coffee shops along the way. The hotel is well mantained and the foyer is awesome. The wine tasting was available in the evening. I will be back and the best part is...you can take your dog. I will be taking my St. Bernard with me next time as he is part of the family. There are two safes in the hotel which one is located at the service desk and the either is in the room. Bathroom was huge and the jetted tub is huge. The funny part was when house keeping walked in on my girlfriend who was getting dressed. We didn't hear her knock and she was doing turn down service. She screamed, my girlfriend screams and I hit the floor laughing. They started talking Spanish at each other and it worked out. All in all....great place and I would recommend it to anyone for the price. Check online for their deals as they are just as good if not better. The besite contains deals and vouchers that other travel websites don't tell you about. ","annotations":[{"endOffset":1505,"mention":"coffee","uri":["http:\/\/dbpedia.org\/resource\/Coffee"],"startOffset":1499}]}